Processing P240196_lookup
---------------
normIndex: 0
transIndex: 0
transForm: ana
normLemmaFromText: ana
normFormFromText: ana
transNormFromDict: ana
transLemmaFromDict: ana
Direct match 
Printing normLine
---------------
normIndex: 1
transIndex: 1
transForm: MAŠ.EN.GAG
normLemmaFromText: muškēnu
normFormFromText: muškēni
transNormFromDict: muškēni
transLemmaFromDict: muškēnu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 2
transIndex: 2
transForm: šar-ra-qu
normLemmaFromText: šarrāqu
normFormFromText: šarrāqū
transNormFromDict: šarrāqū
transLemmaFromDict: šarrāqu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 3
transIndex: 3
transForm: E₂
normLemmaFromText: bītu
normFormFromText: bīt
transNormFromDict: bīt
transLemmaFromDict: bītu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 4
transIndex: 4
transForm: LU₂
normLemmaFromText: awīlu
normFormFromText: amēli
transNormFromDict: awīlim
transLemmaFromDict: awīlu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 5
transIndex: 5
transForm: GAM-MEŠ
normLemmaFromText: palāšu
normFormFromText: ipallašū
transNormFromDict: ipallašū
transLemmaFromDict: palāšu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 6
transIndex: 6
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 7
transIndex: 7
transForm: GAZ-an-ni
normLemmaFromText: dâku
normFormFromText: idukkanni
transNormFromDict: idukkanni
transLemmaFromDict: dâku
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 8
transIndex: 8
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 9
transIndex: 9
transForm: ša₂
normLemmaFromText: ša
normFormFromText: ša
transNormFromDict: ša
transLemmaFromDict: ša
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 10
transIndex: 10
transForm: 2.30
normLemmaFromText: šumēlu
normFormFromText: šumēli
transNormFromDict: šumēl
transLemmaFromDict: šumēlu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 11
transIndex: 11
transForm: KI.TA
normLemmaFromText: šaplānu
normFormFromText: šaplānu
transNormFromDict: šaplānu
transLemmaFromDict: šaplānu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 12
transIndex: 12
transForm: DU₈
normLemmaFromText: paṭru
normFormFromText: paṭir
transNormFromDict: paṭir
transLemmaFromDict: paṭru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 13
transIndex: 13
transForm: GIR₃
normLemmaFromText: šēpu
normFormFromText: šēp
transNormFromDict: šēpu
transLemmaFromDict: šēpu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 14
transIndex: 14
transForm: sa-ra-ar₂-ti
normLemmaFromText: sarartu
normFormFromText: sararti
transNormFromDict: sararti
transLemmaFromDict: sarartu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 8
---------------
normIndex: 15
transIndex: 15
transForm: GAL₂-ma
normLemmaFromText: bašû
normFormFromText: ibaššima
transNormFromDict: ibaššima
transLemmaFromDict: bašû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 8
currentNormLineArray[1]: 9
---------------
normIndex: 16
transIndex: 16
transForm: ŠU-MIN
normLemmaFromText: qātu
normFormFromText: qātā
transNormFromDict: qātā
transLemmaFromDict: qātu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 9
currentNormLineArray[1]: 10
---------------
normIndex: 17
transIndex: 17
transForm: KUR-su-nu-ti
normLemmaFromText: kašādu
normFormFromText: ikaššassunūti
transNormFromDict: ikaššassunūti
transLemmaFromDict: kašādu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 10
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 18
transIndex: 18
transForm: x-ta-ti
normLemmaFromText: x-ta-ti
normFormFromText: x-ta-ti
transNormFromDict: x-ta-ti
transLemmaFromDict: x-ta-ti
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 19
transIndex: 19
transForm: ik-nu-uš
normLemmaFromText: kanāšu
normFormFromText: iknuš
transNormFromDict: iknuš
transLemmaFromDict: kanāšu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 20
transIndex: 20
transForm: BA₃{+ut}
normLemmaFromText: amūtu
normFormFromText: amūt
transNormFromDict: amūt
transLemmaFromDict: amūtu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 21
transIndex: 21
transForm: {m}AN.ŠAR₂-DU₃-IBILA
normLemmaFromText: assurbanipal
normFormFromText: Assurbanipal
transNormFromDict: Assurbanipal
transLemmaFromDict: Assurbanipal
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 22
transIndex: 22
transForm: LUGAL
normLemmaFromText: šarru
normFormFromText: šar
transNormFromDict: šarri
transLemmaFromDict: šarru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 23
transIndex: 23
transForm: {kur}AN.ŠAR₂{ki}
normLemmaFromText: assyria
normFormFromText: Assyria
transNormFromDict: Assyria
transLemmaFromDict: Assyria
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 24
transIndex: 24
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 25
transIndex: 25
transForm: ša₂
normLemmaFromText: ša
normFormFromText: ša
transNormFromDict: ša
transLemmaFromDict: ša
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 26
transIndex: 26
transForm: ana
normLemmaFromText: ana
normFormFromText: ana
transNormFromDict: ana
transLemmaFromDict: ana
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 27
transIndex: 27
transForm: la
normLemmaFromText: lā
normFormFromText: lā
transNormFromDict: lā
transLemmaFromDict: lā
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 28
transIndex: 28
transForm: TI
normLemmaFromText: balāṭu
normFormFromText: balāṭi
transNormFromDict: balāṭi
transLemmaFromDict: balāṭu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 29
transIndex: 29
transForm: {m}tam-ma-ri-tu₂
normLemmaFromText: tammaritu
normFormFromText: Tammaritu
transNormFromDict: Tammaritu
transLemmaFromDict: Tammaritu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 30
transIndex: 30
transForm: LUGAL
normLemmaFromText: šarru
normFormFromText: šar
transNormFromDict: šarri
transLemmaFromDict: šarru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 8
---------------
normIndex: 31
transIndex: 31
transForm: {kur}ELAM.MA{ki}
normLemmaFromText: elam
normFormFromText: Elam
transNormFromDict: Elam
transLemmaFromDict: Elam
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 8
currentNormLineArray[1]: 9
---------------
normIndex: 32
transIndex: 32
transForm: iq-bu-u₂
normLemmaFromText: qabû
normFormFromText: iqbû
transNormFromDict: iqbû
transLemmaFromDict: qabû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 9
currentNormLineArray[1]: 10
---------------
normIndex: 33
transIndex: 33
transForm: {d}AMAR.UTU
normLemmaFromText: marduk
normFormFromText: Marduk
transNormFromDict: Marduk
transLemmaFromDict: Marduk
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 10
currentNormLineArray[1]: 11
---------------
normIndex: 34
transIndex: 34
transForm: e-zi-zu-šu₂-u-ma
normLemmaFromText: ezēzu
normFormFromText: ēzizušuma
transNormFromDict: ēzizušuma
transLemmaFromDict: ezēzu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 11
currentNormLineArray[1]: 12
---------------
normIndex: 35
transIndex: 35
transForm: iš-ki-pu
normLemmaFromText: sakāpu
normFormFromText: iškipu
transNormFromDict: iškipu
transLemmaFromDict: sakāpu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 12
currentNormLineArray[1]: 13
---------------
normIndex: 36
transIndex: 36
transForm: BAL-šu₂
normLemmaFromText: palû
normFormFromText: palašu
transNormFromDict: palašu
transLemmaFromDict: palû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 13
currentNormLineArray[1]: 14
---------------
normIndex: 37
transIndex: 37
transForm: in-nab-tam-ma
normLemmaFromText: abātu
normFormFromText: innabtamma
transNormFromDict: innabtamma
transLemmaFromDict: abātu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 14
currentNormLineArray[1]: 15
---------------
normIndex: 38
transIndex: 38
transForm: u₂-na-aš₂-šiq
normLemmaFromText: našāqu
normFormFromText: unaššiq
transNormFromDict: unaššiq
transLemmaFromDict: našāqu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 15
currentNormLineArray[1]: 16
---------------
normIndex: 39
transIndex: 39
transForm: GIR₃-MIN
normLemmaFromText: šēpu
normFormFromText: šēpī
transNormFromDict: šēpī
transLemmaFromDict: šēpu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 16
currentNormLineArray[1]: 17
---------------
normIndex: 40
transIndex: 40
transForm: {m}{d}AN.ŠAR₂-DU₃-A
normLemmaFromText: assurbanipal
normFormFromText: Assurbanipal
transNormFromDict: Assurbanipal
transLemmaFromDict: Assurbanipal
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 17
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 41
transIndex: 41
transForm: ina
normLemmaFromText: ina
normFormFromText: ina
transNormFromDict: ina
transLemmaFromDict: ina
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 42
transIndex: 42
transForm: mi-gir
normLemmaFromText: migru
normFormFromText: migir
transNormFromDict: migir
transLemmaFromDict: migru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 43
transIndex: 43
transForm: lib₃-bi-šu₂
normLemmaFromText: libbu
normFormFromText: libbišu
transNormFromDict: libbišu
transLemmaFromDict: libbu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 44
transIndex: 44
transForm: ina
normLemmaFromText: ina
normFormFromText: ina
transNormFromDict: ina
transLemmaFromDict: ina
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 45
transIndex: 45
transForm: SU₆-MEŠ-šu₂
normLemmaFromText: ziqnu
normFormFromText: ziqnīšu
transNormFromDict: ziqnīšu
transLemmaFromDict: ziqnu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 46
transIndex: 46
transForm: IGI
normLemmaFromText: mahru
normFormFromText: mahar
transNormFromDict: pān
transLemmaFromDict: pānu
(indexOfnormLemmaFromText, normJump, compound, transJump) = (0,0,,0)
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 47
transIndex: 47
transForm: GIR₃-MEŠ-šu₂
normLemmaFromText: šēpu
normFormFromText: šēpētišu
transNormFromDict: šēpētišu
transLemmaFromDict: šēpu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 8
---------------
normIndex: 48
transIndex: 48
transForm: qaq-qa-ru
normLemmaFromText: qaqqaru
normFormFromText: qaqqaru
transNormFromDict: qaqqaru
transLemmaFromDict: qaqqaru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 8
currentNormLineArray[1]: 9
---------------
normIndex: 49
transIndex: 49
transForm: u₂-še-še-ra
normLemmaFromText: ešēru
normFormFromText: ušēšera
transNormFromDict: ušēšera
transLemmaFromDict: ešēru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 9
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 50
transIndex: 50
transForm: x-ma
normLemmaFromText: x-ma
normFormFromText: x-ma
transNormFromDict: x-ma
transLemmaFromDict: x-ma
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 51
transIndex: 51
transForm: 2.30
normLemmaFromText: šumēlu
normFormFromText: šumēla
transNormFromDict: šumēl
transLemmaFromDict: šumēlu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 52
transIndex: 52
transForm: DAR{+iq}
normLemmaFromText: šatqu
normFormFromText: šatiq
transNormFromDict: šatiq
transLemmaFromDict: šatqu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 53
transIndex: 53
transForm: BA₃{+ut}
normLemmaFromText: amūtu
normFormFromText: amūt
transNormFromDict: amūt
transLemmaFromDict: amūtu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 54
transIndex: 54
transForm: ha-mu-ra-bi
normLemmaFromText: hammurabi
normFormFromText: Hammurabi
transNormFromDict: Hammurabi
transLemmaFromDict: Hammurabi
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 55
transIndex: 55
transForm: ša₂
normLemmaFromText: ša
normFormFromText: ša
transNormFromDict: ša
transLemmaFromDict: ša
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 56
transIndex: 56
transForm: ŠU₂{+tu₂}
normLemmaFromText: kiššatu
normFormFromText: kiššatu
transNormFromDict: kiššatu
transLemmaFromDict: kiššatu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 8
---------------
normIndex: 57
transIndex: 57
transForm: i-be-lam
normLemmaFromText: bêlu
normFormFromText: ibēlam
transNormFromDict: ibēlam
transLemmaFromDict: bêlu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 8
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 58
transIndex: 58
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 59
transIndex: 59
transForm: 2-ma
normLemmaFromText: 2-ma
normFormFromText: 2-ma
transNormFromDict: 2-ma
transLemmaFromDict: 2-ma
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 60
transIndex: 60
transForm: MAN{+u₂}
normLemmaFromText: šanû
normFormFromText: šanû
transNormFromDict: šanû
transLemmaFromDict: šanû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 61
transIndex: 61
transForm: ina
normLemmaFromText: ina
normFormFromText: ina
transNormFromDict: ina
transLemmaFromDict: ina
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 62
transIndex: 62
transForm: EGIR
normLemmaFromText: warkatu
normFormFromText: arkat
transNormFromDict: warkīat
transLemmaFromDict: warkītu
(indexOfnormLemmaFromText, normJump, compound, transJump) = (0,0,,0)
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 63
transIndex: 63
transForm: BA₃
normLemmaFromText: amūtu
normFormFromText: amūti
transNormFromDict: amūti
transLemmaFromDict: amūtu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 64
transIndex: 64
transForm: GAR-ma
normLemmaFromText: šaknu
normFormFromText: šakinma
transNormFromDict: šakinma
transLemmaFromDict: šaknu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 8
---------------
normIndex: 65
transIndex: 65
transForm: ana
normLemmaFromText: ana
normFormFromText: ana
transNormFromDict: ana
transLemmaFromDict: ana
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 8
currentNormLineArray[1]: 9
---------------
normIndex: 66
transIndex: 66
transForm: {giš}TUKUL
normLemmaFromText: kakku
normFormFromText: kakki
transNormFromDict: kakki
transLemmaFromDict: kakku
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 9
currentNormLineArray[1]: 10
---------------
normIndex: 67
transIndex: 67
transForm: uš-te-li₃
normLemmaFromText: elû
normFormFromText: uštēli
transNormFromDict: uštēli
transLemmaFromDict: elû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 10
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 68
transIndex: 68
transForm: lu-u₂
normLemmaFromText: lū
normFormFromText: lū
transNormFromDict: lū
transLemmaFromDict: lū
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 69
transIndex: 69
transForm: KUR₂
normLemmaFromText: nakru
normFormFromText: nakru
transNormFromDict: nakrim
transLemmaFromDict: nakru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 70
transIndex: 70
transForm: SI.SA₂{+ra}
normLemmaFromText: ešēru
normFormFromText: iššira
transNormFromDict: iššira
transLemmaFromDict: ešēru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 71
transIndex: 71
transForm: a-sa-kip
normLemmaFromText: sakāpu
normFormFromText: asakkip
transNormFromDict: asakkip
transLemmaFromDict: sakāpu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 72
transIndex: 72
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 73
transIndex: 73
transForm: $
normLemmaFromText: X
normFormFromText: $
transForm $ not found in transNormDict keys at trans index 73
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 74
transIndex: 74
transForm: DIŠ
normLemmaFromText: diš
normFormFromText: DIŠ
transForm DIŠ not found in transNormDict keys at trans index 74
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 75
transIndex: 75
transForm: SI.SA₂{+ra}
normLemmaFromText: ešēru
normFormFromText: iššira
transNormFromDict: iššira
transLemmaFromDict: ešēru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 76
transIndex: 76
transForm: DAB{+bat}
normLemmaFromText: ṣabātu
normFormFromText: iṣabbat
transNormFromDict: iṣabbat
transLemmaFromDict: ṣabātu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 77
transIndex: 77
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 78
transIndex: 78
transForm: {d}EN.LIL₂
normLemmaFromText: ellil
normFormFromText: Ellil
transNormFromDict: Ellil
transLemmaFromDict: Ellil
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 79
transIndex: 79
transForm: LUGAL
normLemmaFromText: šarru
normFormFromText: šarra
transNormFromDict: šarri
transLemmaFromDict: šarru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 80
transIndex: 80
transForm: ša₂
normLemmaFromText: ša
normFormFromText: ša
transNormFromDict: ša
transLemmaFromDict: ša
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 81
transIndex: 81
transForm: ŠA₃-šu₂
normLemmaFromText: libbu
normFormFromText: libbišu
transNormFromDict: libbišu
transLemmaFromDict: libbu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 82
transIndex: 82
transForm: GAR{+an}
normLemmaFromText: šakānu
normFormFromText: išakkan
transNormFromDict: iššakkan
transLemmaFromDict: šakānu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 83
transIndex: 83
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 84
transIndex: 84
transForm: $
normLemmaFromText: X
normFormFromText: $
transForm $ not found in transNormDict keys at trans index 84
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 85
transIndex: 85
transForm: NE
normLemmaFromText: ne
normFormFromText: NE
transForm NE not found in transNormDict keys at trans index 85
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 86
transIndex: 86
transForm: ana
normLemmaFromText: ana
normFormFromText: ana
transNormFromDict: ana
transLemmaFromDict: ana
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 87
transIndex: 87
transForm: KASKAL
normLemmaFromText: harrānu
normFormFromText: harrāni
transNormFromDict: harrāni
transLemmaFromDict: harrānu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 88
transIndex: 88
transForm: DU
normLemmaFromText: āliku
normFormFromText: ālikū
transNormFromDict: ālikū
transLemmaFromDict: āliku
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 89
transIndex: 89
transForm: IGI
normLemmaFromText: pānu
normFormFromText: pān
transNormFromDict: pān
transLemmaFromDict: pānu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 8
---------------
normIndex: 90
transIndex: 90
transForm: EREN₂-ia₅
normLemmaFromText: ummānu
normFormFromText: ummāniya
transNormFromDict: ummāniya
transLemmaFromDict: ummānu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 8
currentNormLineArray[1]: 9
---------------
normIndex: 91
transIndex: 91
transForm: GALGA
normLemmaFromText: milku
normFormFromText: milik
transNormFromDict: milik
transLemmaFromDict: milku
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 9
currentNormLineArray[1]: 10
---------------
normIndex: 92
transIndex: 92
transForm: LUGAL-šu₂-nu
normLemmaFromText: šarru
normFormFromText: šarrišunu
transNormFromDict: šarrišunu
transLemmaFromDict: šarru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 10
currentNormLineArray[1]: 11
---------------
normIndex: 93
transIndex: 93
transForm: ŠUB-MEŠ-ma
normLemmaFromText: nadû
normFormFromText: inaddûma
transNormFromDict: inaddûma
transLemmaFromDict: nadû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 11
currentNormLineArray[1]: 12
---------------
normIndex: 94
transIndex: 94
transForm: ša₂
normLemmaFromText: ša
normFormFromText: ša
transNormFromDict: ša
transLemmaFromDict: ša
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 12
currentNormLineArray[1]: 13
---------------
normIndex: 95
transIndex: 95
transForm: UMUŠ-šu₂-nu
normLemmaFromText: ṭēmu
normFormFromText: ṭēmišunu
transNormFromDict: ṭēmišunu
transLemmaFromDict: ṭēmu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 13
currentNormLineArray[1]: 14
---------------
normIndex: 96
transIndex: 96
transForm: DU₃-MEŠ
normLemmaFromText: epēšu
normFormFromText: ippušū
transNormFromDict: ippušū
transLemmaFromDict: epēšu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 14
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 97
transIndex: 97
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 98
transIndex: 98
transForm: {munus}PEŠ₄
normLemmaFromText: arītu
normFormFromText: arītu
transNormFromDict: arītu
transLemmaFromDict: arītu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 99
transIndex: 99
transForm: ša₃
normLemmaFromText: ša
normFormFromText: ša
transNormFromDict: ša
transLemmaFromDict: ša
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 100
transIndex: 100
transForm: ŠA₃-ša₃
normLemmaFromText: libbu
normFormFromText: libbiša
transNormFromDict: libbiša
transLemmaFromDict: libbu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 101
transIndex: 101
transForm: ŠUB{+a}
normLemmaFromText: nadû
normFormFromText: inaddâ
transNormFromDict: inaddâ
transLemmaFromDict: nadû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 102
transIndex: 102
transForm: ARAD
normLemmaFromText: wardu
normFormFromText: ardu
transNormFromDict: ardu
transLemmaFromDict: wardu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 103
transIndex: 103
transForm: MUNUS.URI₃
normLemmaFromText: niṣirtu
normFormFromText: niṣirti
transNormFromDict: niṣirti
transLemmaFromDict: niṣirtu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 8
---------------
normIndex: 104
transIndex: 104
transForm: EN-šu₂
normLemmaFromText: bēlu
normFormFromText: bēlišu
transNormFromDict: bēlišu
transLemmaFromDict: bēlu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 8
currentNormLineArray[1]: 9
---------------
normIndex: 105
transIndex: 105
transForm: $
normLemmaFromText: $
normFormFromText: $
transForm $ not found in transNormDict keys at trans index 105
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 9
currentNormLineArray[1]: 10
---------------
normIndex: 106
transIndex: 106
transForm: GU
normLemmaFromText: gu
normFormFromText: GU
transForm GU not found in transNormDict keys at trans index 106
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 10
currentNormLineArray[1]: 11
---------------
normIndex: 107
transIndex: 107
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 11
currentNormLineArray[1]: 12
---------------
normIndex: 108
transIndex: 108
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 12
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 109
transIndex: 109
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 110
transIndex: 110
transForm: {giš}TUKUL
normLemmaFromText: kakku
normFormFromText: kakku
transNormFromDict: kakki
transLemmaFromDict: kakku
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 111
transIndex: 111
transForm: ana
normLemmaFromText: ana
normFormFromText: ana
transNormFromDict: ana
transLemmaFromDict: ana
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 112
transIndex: 112
transForm: ŠA₃-šu₂
normLemmaFromText: libbu
normFormFromText: libbišu
transNormFromDict: libbišu
transLemmaFromDict: libbu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 113
transIndex: 113
transForm: i-kap
normLemmaFromText: nakāpu
normFormFromText: ikkap
transNormFromDict: ikkap
transLemmaFromDict: nakāpu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 114
transIndex: 114
transForm: DUMU
normLemmaFromText: māru
normFormFromText: mār
transNormFromDict: mār
transLemmaFromDict: māru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 115
transIndex: 115
transForm: {lu₂}HAL
normLemmaFromText: bārû
normFormFromText: bārî
transNormFromDict: bārî
transLemmaFromDict: bārû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 8
---------------
normIndex: 116
transIndex: 116
transForm: ša₂
normLemmaFromText: ša
normFormFromText: ša
transNormFromDict: ša
transLemmaFromDict: ša
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 8
currentNormLineArray[1]: 9
---------------
normIndex: 117
transIndex: 117
transForm: ŠU-MIN-šu₂
normLemmaFromText: qātu
normFormFromText: qātīšu
transNormFromDict: qātīšu
transLemmaFromDict: qātu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 9
currentNormLineArray[1]: 10
---------------
normIndex: 118
transIndex: 118
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 10
currentNormLineArray[1]: 11
---------------
normIndex: 119
transIndex: 119
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 11
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 120
transIndex: 120
transForm: x-tu₄
normLemmaFromText: x-tu₄
normFormFromText: x-tu₄
transNormFromDict: x-tu₄
transLemmaFromDict: x-tu₄
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 121
transIndex: 121
transForm: ŠUB{+at₂}
normLemmaFromText: nadû
normFormFromText: nadât
transNormFromDict: nadât
transLemmaFromDict: nadû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 122
transIndex: 122
transForm: {tu₁₅}KUR.RA
normLemmaFromText: šadû
normFormFromText: šadû
transNormFromDict: šadû
transLemmaFromDict: šadû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 123
transIndex: 123
transForm: ZI-am-ma
normLemmaFromText: tebû
normFormFromText: itebbeamma
transNormFromDict: itebbeamma
transLemmaFromDict: tebû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 124
transIndex: 124
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 125
transIndex: 125
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 126
transIndex: 126
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 127
transIndex: 127
transForm: KI.MIN
normLemmaFromText: šanîš
normFormFromText: šanîš
transNormFromDict: šanîš
transLemmaFromDict: šanîš
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 128
transIndex: 128
transForm: ša₂
normLemmaFromText: ša
normFormFromText: ša
transNormFromDict: ša
transLemmaFromDict: ša
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 129
transIndex: 129
transForm: KUR₂
normLemmaFromText: kur₂
normFormFromText: KUR₂
transNormFromDict: nakrim
transLemmaFromDict: nakru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 130
transIndex: 130
transForm: ša₂
normLemmaFromText: ša
normFormFromText: ša
transNormFromDict: ša
transLemmaFromDict: ša
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 131
transIndex: 131
transForm: $
normLemmaFromText: $
normFormFromText: $
transForm $ not found in transNormDict keys at trans index 131
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 132
transIndex: 132
transForm: BA
normLemmaFromText: ba
normFormFromText: BA
transForm BA not found in transNormDict keys at trans index 132
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 8
---------------
normIndex: 133
transIndex: 133
transForm: ana
normLemmaFromText: ana
normFormFromText: ana
transNormFromDict: ana
transLemmaFromDict: ana
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 8
currentNormLineArray[1]: 9
---------------
normIndex: 134
transIndex: 134
transForm: $
normLemmaFromText: $
normFormFromText: $
transForm $ not found in transNormDict keys at trans index 134
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 9
currentNormLineArray[1]: 10
---------------
normIndex: 135
transIndex: 135
transForm: DU
normLemmaFromText: du
normFormFromText: DU
transNormFromDict: ālikū
transLemmaFromDict: āliku
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 10
currentNormLineArray[1]: 11
---------------
normIndex: 136
transIndex: 136
transForm: $
normLemmaFromText: $
normFormFromText: $
transForm $ not found in transNormDict keys at trans index 136
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 11
currentNormLineArray[1]: 12
---------------
normIndex: 137
transIndex: 137
transForm: DU
normLemmaFromText: du
normFormFromText: DU
transNormFromDict: ālikū
transLemmaFromDict: āliku
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 12
currentNormLineArray[1]: 13
---------------
normIndex: 138
transIndex: 138
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 13
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 139
transIndex: 139
transForm: BE
normLemmaFromText: šumma
normFormFromText: šumma
transNormFromDict: šumma
transLemmaFromDict: šumma
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 140
transIndex: 140
transForm: AN.TA{+tu₄}
normLemmaFromText: elītu
normFormFromText: elītu
transNormFromDict: elītu
transLemmaFromDict: elītu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 141
transIndex: 141
transForm: ana
normLemmaFromText: ana
normFormFromText: ana
transNormFromDict: ana
transLemmaFromDict: ana
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 142
transIndex: 142
transForm: KI.TA{+tu₄}
normLemmaFromText: šaplītu
normFormFromText: šaplītu
transNormFromDict: šaplītu
transLemmaFromDict: šaplītu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 143
transIndex: 143
transForm: GAM{+uš}
normLemmaFromText: kanāšu
normFormFromText: iknuš
transNormFromDict: iknuš
transLemmaFromDict: kanāšu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 144
transIndex: 144
transForm: ša₂
normLemmaFromText: ša
normFormFromText: ša
transNormFromDict: ša
transLemmaFromDict: ša
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 145
transIndex: 145
transForm: |KA×MAŠ|
normLemmaFromText: |ka×maš|
normFormFromText: |KA×MAŠ|
transNormFromDict: |KA×MAŠ|
transLemmaFromDict: |KA×MAŠ|
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 8
---------------
normIndex: 146
transIndex: 146
transForm: LU₂
normLemmaFromText: awīlu
normFormFromText: amēli
transNormFromDict: awīlim
transLemmaFromDict: awīlu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 8
currentNormLineArray[1]: 9
---------------
normIndex: 147
transIndex: 147
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 9
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 148
transIndex: 148
transForm: BE
normLemmaFromText: šumma
normFormFromText: šumma
transNormFromDict: šumma
transLemmaFromDict: šumma
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 149
transIndex: 149
transForm: KI.TA{+tu₄}
normLemmaFromText: šaplītu
normFormFromText: šaplītu
transNormFromDict: šaplītu
transLemmaFromDict: šaplītu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 150
transIndex: 150
transForm: ana
normLemmaFromText: ana
normFormFromText: ana
transNormFromDict: ana
transLemmaFromDict: ana
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 151
transIndex: 151
transForm: AN.TA{+tu₄}
normLemmaFromText: elītu
normFormFromText: elītu
transNormFromDict: elītu
transLemmaFromDict: elītu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 152
transIndex: 152
transForm: GAM{+uš}
normLemmaFromText: kanāšu
normFormFromText: iknuš
transNormFromDict: iknuš
transLemmaFromDict: kanāšu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 153
transIndex: 153
transForm: ša₂
normLemmaFromText: ša
normFormFromText: ša
transNormFromDict: ša
transLemmaFromDict: ša
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 154
transIndex: 154
transForm: |KA×MAŠ|
normLemmaFromText: |ka×maš|
normFormFromText: |KA×MAŠ|
transNormFromDict: |KA×MAŠ|
transLemmaFromDict: |KA×MAŠ|
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 8
---------------
normIndex: 155
transIndex: 155
transForm: LU₂
normLemmaFromText: awīlu
normFormFromText: amēli
transNormFromDict: awīlim
transLemmaFromDict: awīlu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 8
currentNormLineArray[1]: 9
---------------
normIndex: 156
transIndex: 156
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 9
currentNormLineArray[1]: 10
---------------
normIndex: 157
transIndex: 157
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 10
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 158
transIndex: 158
transForm: BE
normLemmaFromText: šumma
normFormFromText: šumma
transNormFromDict: šumma
transLemmaFromDict: šumma
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 159
transIndex: 159
transForm: KI.TA{+tu₄}
normLemmaFromText: šaplītu
normFormFromText: šaplītu
transNormFromDict: šaplītu
transLemmaFromDict: šaplītu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 160
transIndex: 160
transForm: DU{+ik}
normLemmaFromText: alāku
normFormFromText: illik
transNormFromDict: illik
transLemmaFromDict: alāku
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 161
transIndex: 161
transForm: u
normLemmaFromText: u
normFormFromText: u
transNormFromDict: u
transLemmaFromDict: u
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 162
transIndex: 162
transForm: SAGŠU
normLemmaFromText: kubšu
normFormFromText: kubšu
transNormFromDict: kubšu
transLemmaFromDict: kubšu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 163
transIndex: 163
transForm: UGU
normLemmaFromText: eli
normFormFromText: eli
transNormFromDict: eli
transLemmaFromDict: eli
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 164
transIndex: 164
transForm: SA{+ti}
normLemmaFromText: kīdītu
normFormFromText: kīdīti
transNormFromDict: kīdīti
transLemmaFromDict: kīdītu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 8
---------------
normIndex: 165
transIndex: 165
transForm: U₅
normLemmaFromText: rakābu
normFormFromText: irkab
transNormFromDict: irkab
transLemmaFromDict: rakābu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 8
currentNormLineArray[1]: 9
---------------
normIndex: 166
transIndex: 166
transForm: KUR₂-ka
normLemmaFromText: nakru
normFormFromText: nakirka
transNormFromDict: nakirka
transLemmaFromDict: nakru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 9
currentNormLineArray[1]: 10
---------------
normIndex: 167
transIndex: 167
transForm: ana
normLemmaFromText: ana
normFormFromText: ana
transNormFromDict: ana
transLemmaFromDict: ana
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 10
currentNormLineArray[1]: 11
---------------
normIndex: 168
transIndex: 168
transForm: SIG₅-MEŠ
normLemmaFromText: damiqtu
normFormFromText: damqāti
transNormFromDict: damqāti
transLemmaFromDict: damiqtu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 11
currentNormLineArray[1]: 12
---------------
normIndex: 169
transIndex: 169
transForm: KIN-ka
normLemmaFromText: šapāru
normFormFromText: išapparka
transNormFromDict: išapparka
transLemmaFromDict: šapāru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 12
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 170
transIndex: 170
transForm: ina
normLemmaFromText: ina
normFormFromText: ina
transNormFromDict: ina
transLemmaFromDict: ina
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 171
transIndex: 171
transForm: {giš}TUKUL
normLemmaFromText: kakku
normFormFromText: kakki
transNormFromDict: kakki
transLemmaFromDict: kakku
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 172
transIndex: 172
transForm: DINGIR-MEŠ
normLemmaFromText: ilu
normFormFromText: ilū
transNormFromDict: ilī
transLemmaFromDict: ilu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 173
transIndex: 173
transForm: A₂
normLemmaFromText: ahu
normFormFromText: ah
transNormFromDict: ah
transLemmaFromDict: ahu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 174
transIndex: 174
transForm: EREN₂-ia₅
normLemmaFromText: ummānu
normFormFromText: ummāniya
transNormFromDict: ummāniya
transLemmaFromDict: ummānu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 175
transIndex: 175
transForm: DU-MEŠ
normLemmaFromText: alāku
normFormFromText: illakū
transNormFromDict: illakū
transLemmaFromDict: alāku
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 176
transIndex: 176
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 177
transIndex: 177
transForm: BE
normLemmaFromText: šumma
normFormFromText: šumma
transNormFromDict: šumma
transLemmaFromDict: šumma
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 178
transIndex: 178
transForm: KI.TA{+tu₄}
normLemmaFromText: šaplītu
normFormFromText: šaplītu
transNormFromDict: šaplītu
transLemmaFromDict: šaplītu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 179
transIndex: 179
transForm: DU{+ik}
normLemmaFromText: alāku
normFormFromText: illik
transNormFromDict: illik
transLemmaFromDict: alāku
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 180
transIndex: 180
transForm: u
normLemmaFromText: u
normFormFromText: u
transNormFromDict: u
transLemmaFromDict: u
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 181
transIndex: 181
transForm: ŠU.SI
normLemmaFromText: ubānu
normFormFromText: ubān
transNormFromDict: ubāni
transLemmaFromDict: ubānu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 182
transIndex: 182
transForm: MUR
normLemmaFromText: hašû
normFormFromText: hašê
transNormFromDict: hašê
transLemmaFromDict: hašû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 183
transIndex: 183
transForm: MURU₂
normLemmaFromText: qablû
normFormFromText: qablî
transNormFromDict: qabal
transLemmaFromDict: qablu
(indexOfnormLemmaFromText, normJump, compound, transJump) = (0,0,,0)
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 8
---------------
normIndex: 184
transIndex: 184
transForm: SUHUŠ-sa₃
normLemmaFromText: išdu
normFormFromText: išidsa
transNormFromDict: išidsa
transLemmaFromDict: išdu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 8
currentNormLineArray[1]: 9
---------------
normIndex: 185
transIndex: 185
transForm: KEŠ₂{+is}
normLemmaFromText: raksu
normFormFromText: rakis
transNormFromDict: rakis
transLemmaFromDict: raksu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 9
currentNormLineArray[1]: 10
---------------
normIndex: 186
transIndex: 186
transForm: {giš}MA₂
normLemmaFromText: eleppu
normFormFromText: eleppa
transNormFromDict: eleppa
transLemmaFromDict: eleppu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 10
currentNormLineArray[1]: 11
---------------
normIndex: 187
transIndex: 187
transForm: la₃
normLemmaFromText: lā
normFormFromText: lā
transNormFromDict: lā
transLemmaFromDict: lā
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 11
currentNormLineArray[1]: 12
---------------
normIndex: 188
transIndex: 188
transForm: {giš}ZI.GAN
normLemmaFromText: sikkānu
normFormFromText: sikkāni
transNormFromDict: sikkāni
transLemmaFromDict: sikkānu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 12
currentNormLineArray[1]: 13
---------------
normIndex: 189
transIndex: 189
transForm: TU₁₅
normLemmaFromText: šāru
normFormFromText: šāru
transNormFromDict: šāru
transLemmaFromDict: šāru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 13
currentNormLineArray[1]: 14
---------------
normIndex: 190
transIndex: 190
transForm: uš-qa-la-pa-šim-ma
normLemmaFromText: neqelpû
normFormFromText: ušqallapâšimma
transNormFromDict: ušqallapâšimma
transLemmaFromDict: neqelpû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 14
currentNormLineArray[1]: 15
---------------
normIndex: 191
transIndex: 191
transForm: {d}UTU
normLemmaFromText: šamaš
normFormFromText: Šamaš
transNormFromDict: Šamaš
transLemmaFromDict: Šamaš
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 15
currentNormLineArray[1]: 16
---------------
normIndex: 192
transIndex: 192
transForm: u
normLemmaFromText: u
normFormFromText: u
transNormFromDict: u
transLemmaFromDict: u
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 16
currentNormLineArray[1]: 17
---------------
normIndex: 193
transIndex: 193
transForm: {d}AMAR.UTU
normLemmaFromText: marduk
normFormFromText: Marduk
transNormFromDict: Marduk
transLemmaFromDict: Marduk
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 17
currentNormLineArray[1]: 18
---------------
normIndex: 194
transIndex: 194
transForm: ina
normLemmaFromText: ina
normFormFromText: ina
transNormFromDict: ina
transLemmaFromDict: ina
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 18
currentNormLineArray[1]: 19
---------------
normIndex: 195
transIndex: 195
transForm: ma-kal-la-a
normLemmaFromText: makallû
normFormFromText: makallâ
transNormFromDict: makallâ
transLemmaFromDict: makallû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 19
currentNormLineArray[1]: 20
---------------
normIndex: 196
transIndex: 196
transForm: GI.NA
normLemmaFromText: kīnu
normFormFromText: kīni
transNormFromDict: kīni
transLemmaFromDict: kīnu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 20
currentNormLineArray[1]: 21
---------------
normIndex: 197
transIndex: 197
transForm: KIN.KIN-MEŠ-šu₂
normLemmaFromText: šeʾû
normFormFromText: ušteneʾʾûšu
transNormFromDict: ušteneʾʾûšu
transLemmaFromDict: šeʾû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 21
currentNormLineArray[1]: 22
---------------
normIndex: 198
transIndex: 198
transForm: ina
normLemmaFromText: ina
normFormFromText: ina
transNormFromDict: ina
transLemmaFromDict: ina
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 22
currentNormLineArray[1]: 23
---------------
normIndex: 199
transIndex: 199
transForm: SILIM{+ti₃}
normLemmaFromText: šalimtu
normFormFromText: šalimti
transNormFromDict: šalimti
transLemmaFromDict: šalimtu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 23
currentNormLineArray[1]: 24
---------------
normIndex: 200
transIndex: 200
transForm: u
normLemmaFromText: ū
normFormFromText: ū
transNormFromDict: u
transLemmaFromDict: u
Dialect match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 24
currentNormLineArray[1]: 25
---------------
normIndex: 201
transIndex: 201
transForm: la₃
normLemmaFromText: lā
normFormFromText: lā
transNormFromDict: lā
transLemmaFromDict: lā
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 25
currentNormLineArray[1]: 26
---------------
normIndex: 202
transIndex: 202
transForm: SILIM{+ti₃}
normLemmaFromText: šalimtu
normFormFromText: šalimti
transNormFromDict: šalimti
transLemmaFromDict: šalimtu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 26
currentNormLineArray[1]: 27
---------------
normIndex: 203
transIndex: 203
transForm: SILIM{+at₂}
normLemmaFromText: šalmu
normFormFromText: šalmat
transNormFromDict: šalmat
transLemmaFromDict: šalmu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 27
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 204
transIndex: 204
transForm: BE
normLemmaFromText: šumma
normFormFromText: šumma
transNormFromDict: šumma
transLemmaFromDict: šumma
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 205
transIndex: 205
transForm: KI.TA{+tu₄}
normLemmaFromText: šaplītu
normFormFromText: šaplītu
transNormFromDict: šaplītu
transLemmaFromDict: šaplītu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 206
transIndex: 206
transForm: DU{+ik}
normLemmaFromText: alāku
normFormFromText: illik
transNormFromDict: illik
transLemmaFromDict: alāku
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 207
transIndex: 207
transForm: u
normLemmaFromText: u
normFormFromText: u
transNormFromDict: u
transLemmaFromDict: u
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 208
transIndex: 208
transForm: let
normLemmaFromText: lētu
normFormFromText: lēt
transNormFromDict: lēt
transLemmaFromDict: lētu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 209
transIndex: 209
transForm: 2.30
normLemmaFromText: šumēlu
normFormFromText: šumēli
transNormFromDict: šumēl
transLemmaFromDict: šumēlu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 210
transIndex: 210
transForm: GAR{+at₂}
normLemmaFromText: šaknu
normFormFromText: šaknat
transNormFromDict: šaknat
transLemmaFromDict: šaknu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 8
---------------
normIndex: 211
transIndex: 211
transForm: suh-hur-ti
normLemmaFromText: suhhurtu
normFormFromText: suhhurti
transNormFromDict: suhhurti
transLemmaFromDict: suhhurtu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 8
currentNormLineArray[1]: 9
---------------
normIndex: 212
transIndex: 212
transForm: EREN₂
normLemmaFromText: ummānu
normFormFromText: ummāni
transNormFromDict: ummān
transLemmaFromDict: ummānu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 9
currentNormLineArray[1]: 10
---------------
normIndex: 213
transIndex: 213
transForm: za-mar
normLemmaFromText: zamar
normFormFromText: zamar
transNormFromDict: zamar
transLemmaFromDict: zamar
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 10
currentNormLineArray[1]: 11
---------------
normIndex: 214
transIndex: 214
transForm: li-it-tan-x
normLemmaFromText: li-it-tan-x
normFormFromText: li-it-tan-x
transNormFromDict: li-it-tan-x
transLemmaFromDict: li-it-tan-x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 11
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 215
transIndex: 215
transForm: BE
normLemmaFromText: šumma
normFormFromText: šumma
transNormFromDict: šumma
transLemmaFromDict: šumma
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 216
transIndex: 216
transForm: KI.TA{+tu₄}
normLemmaFromText: šaplītu
normFormFromText: šaplītu
transNormFromDict: šaplītu
transLemmaFromDict: šaplītu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 217
transIndex: 217
transForm: DU{+ik}
normLemmaFromText: alāku
normFormFromText: illik
transNormFromDict: illik
transLemmaFromDict: alāku
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 218
transIndex: 218
transForm: u
normLemmaFromText: u
normFormFromText: u
transNormFromDict: u
transLemmaFromDict: u
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 219
transIndex: 219
transForm: qe₂-reb
normLemmaFromText: qerbu
normFormFromText: qereb
transNormFromDict: qereb
transLemmaFromDict: qerbu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 220
transIndex: 220
transForm: MUR
normLemmaFromText: hašû
normFormFromText: hašê
transNormFromDict: hašê
transLemmaFromDict: hašû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 221
transIndex: 221
transForm: 2.30
normLemmaFromText: šumēlu
normFormFromText: šumēli
transNormFromDict: šumēl
transLemmaFromDict: šumēlu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 8
---------------
normIndex: 222
transIndex: 222
transForm: SIG₃{+iṣ}
normLemmaFromText: mahṣu
normFormFromText: mahiṣ
transNormFromDict: mahiṣ
transLemmaFromDict: mahṣu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 8
currentNormLineArray[1]: 9
---------------
normIndex: 223
transIndex: 223
transForm: GABA.RI
normLemmaFromText: gabarû
normFormFromText: gabarû
transNormFromDict: gabarû
transLemmaFromDict: gabarû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 9
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 224
transIndex: 224
transForm: BE
normLemmaFromText: šumma
normFormFromText: šumma
transNormFromDict: šumma
transLemmaFromDict: šumma
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 225
transIndex: 225
transForm: KI.TA{+tu₄}
normLemmaFromText: šaplītu
normFormFromText: šaplītu
transNormFromDict: šaplītu
transLemmaFromDict: šaplītu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 226
transIndex: 226
transForm: DU{+ik}
normLemmaFromText: alāku
normFormFromText: illik
transNormFromDict: illik
transLemmaFromDict: alāku
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 227
transIndex: 227
transForm: u
normLemmaFromText: u
normFormFromText: u
transNormFromDict: u
transLemmaFromDict: u
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 228
transIndex: 228
transForm: 10
normLemmaFromText: 10
normFormFromText: 10
normLemmaFromText is digit
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 229
transIndex: 229
transForm: ŠA₃.NIGIN
normLemmaFromText: tīrānu
normFormFromText: tīrānu
transNormFromDict: tīrānu
transLemmaFromDict: tīrānu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 230
transIndex: 230
transForm: IZI.GAR
normLemmaFromText: niphu
normFormFromText: niphu
transNormFromDict: niphu
transLemmaFromDict: niphu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 8
---------------
normIndex: 231
transIndex: 231
transForm: KAR{+tu₄}
normLemmaFromText: karmūtu
normFormFromText: karmūtu
transNormFromDict: karmūtu
transLemmaFromDict: karmūtu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 8
currentNormLineArray[1]: 9
---------------
normIndex: 232
transIndex: 232
transForm: SA₅{+ti}
normLemmaFromText: ašuštu
normFormFromText: ašuštu
transNormFromDict: ašuštu
transLemmaFromDict: ašuštu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 9
currentNormLineArray[1]: 10
---------------
normIndex: 233
transIndex: 233
transForm: GU₃{+mu}
normLemmaFromText: rigmu
normFormFromText: rigmu
transNormFromDict: rigmu
transLemmaFromDict: rigmu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 10
currentNormLineArray[1]: 11
---------------
normIndex: 234
transIndex: 234
transForm: ina
normLemmaFromText: ina
normFormFromText: ina
transNormFromDict: ina
transLemmaFromDict: ina
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 11
currentNormLineArray[1]: 12
---------------
normIndex: 235
transIndex: 235
transForm: E₂
normLemmaFromText: bītu
normFormFromText: bīt
transNormFromDict: bīt
transLemmaFromDict: bītu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 12
currentNormLineArray[1]: 13
---------------
normIndex: 236
transIndex: 236
transForm: LU₂
normLemmaFromText: awīlu
normFormFromText: amēli
transNormFromDict: awīlim
transLemmaFromDict: awīlu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 13
currentNormLineArray[1]: 14
---------------
normIndex: 237
transIndex: 237
transForm: GAL₂{+ši}
normLemmaFromText: bašû
normFormFromText: ibašši
transNormFromDict: ibašši
transLemmaFromDict: bašû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 14
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 238
transIndex: 238
transForm: BE
normLemmaFromText: šumma
normFormFromText: šumma
transNormFromDict: šumma
transLemmaFromDict: šumma
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 239
transIndex: 239
transForm: KI.TA{+tu₄}
normLemmaFromText: šaplītu
normFormFromText: šaplītu
transNormFromDict: šaplītu
transLemmaFromDict: šaplītu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 240
transIndex: 240
transForm: DU{+ik}
normLemmaFromText: alāku
normFormFromText: illik
transNormFromDict: illik
transLemmaFromDict: alāku
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 241
transIndex: 241
transForm: u
normLemmaFromText: u
normFormFromText: u
transNormFromDict: u
transLemmaFromDict: u
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 242
transIndex: 242
transForm: KIŠIB-MEŠ
normLemmaFromText: kunukku
normFormFromText: kunukkū
transNormFromDict: kunukkū
transLemmaFromDict: kunukku
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 243
transIndex: 243
transForm: LA₂-MEŠ
normLemmaFromText: maṭû
normFormFromText: maṭû
transNormFromDict: maṭû
transLemmaFromDict: maṭû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 244
transIndex: 244
transForm: ŠA₃.HUL
normLemmaFromText: lumnu
normFormFromText: lumun
transNormFromDict: libbi
transLemmaFromDict: libbu
In share_compound,
textLemma: lumun, transDictLemma: libbi, compound: lumun libbi
transFormTuple != (0,0,'',0)
(indexOfnormLemmaFromText, normJump, compound, transJump) = (0,2,lumun libbi,2)
Checking inner elements, with innerIncrement: 1
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 8
currentNormLineArray[1]: 9
---------------
normIndex: 246
transIndex: 246
transForm: i-dir-ti
normLemmaFromText: idirtu
normFormFromText: idirti
transNormFromDict: idirti
transLemmaFromDict: idirtu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 9
currentNormLineArray[1]: 10
---------------
normIndex: 247
transIndex: 247
transForm: si-pit-ti
normLemmaFromText: sipittu
normFormFromText: sipitti
transNormFromDict: sipitti
transLemmaFromDict: sipittu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 10
currentNormLineArray[1]: 11
---------------
normIndex: 248
transIndex: 248
transForm: GAL₂{+ši}
normLemmaFromText: bašû
normFormFromText: ibašši
transNormFromDict: ibašši
transLemmaFromDict: bašû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 11
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 249
transIndex: 249
transForm: BE
normLemmaFromText: šumma
normFormFromText: šumma
transNormFromDict: šumma
transLemmaFromDict: šumma
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 250
transIndex: 250
transForm: KI.TA{+tu₄}
normLemmaFromText: šaplītu
normFormFromText: šaplītu
transNormFromDict: šaplītu
transLemmaFromDict: šaplītu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 251
transIndex: 251
transForm: DU{+ik}
normLemmaFromText: alāku
normFormFromText: illik
transNormFromDict: illik
transLemmaFromDict: alāku
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 252
transIndex: 252
transForm: u
normLemmaFromText: u
normFormFromText: u
transNormFromDict: u
transLemmaFromDict: u
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 253
transIndex: 253
transForm: 10
normLemmaFromText: 10
normFormFromText: 10
normLemmaFromText is digit
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 254
transIndex: 254
transForm: ŠA₃.NIGIN
normLemmaFromText: tīrānu
normFormFromText: tīrānu
transNormFromDict: tīrānu
transLemmaFromDict: tīrānu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 255
transIndex: 255
transForm: u
normLemmaFromText: u
normFormFromText: u
transNormFromDict: u
transLemmaFromDict: u
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 8
---------------
normIndex: 256
transIndex: 256
transForm: KIŠIB-MEŠ
normLemmaFromText: kunukku
normFormFromText: kunukkū
transNormFromDict: kunukkū
transLemmaFromDict: kunukku
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 8
currentNormLineArray[1]: 9
---------------
normIndex: 257
transIndex: 257
transForm: LA₂-MEŠ
normLemmaFromText: maṭû
normFormFromText: maṭû
transNormFromDict: maṭû
transLemmaFromDict: maṭû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 9
currentNormLineArray[1]: 10
---------------
normIndex: 258
transIndex: 258
transForm: GIR₃
normLemmaFromText: šēpu
normFormFromText: šēpu
transNormFromDict: šēpu
transLemmaFromDict: šēpu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 10
currentNormLineArray[1]: 11
---------------
normIndex: 259
transIndex: 259
transForm: ša₂
normLemmaFromText: ša
normFormFromText: ša
transNormFromDict: ša
transLemmaFromDict: ša
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 11
currentNormLineArray[1]: 12
---------------
normIndex: 260
transIndex: 260
transForm: ṣe-pe₃-ru
normLemmaFromText: ṣapāru
normFormFromText: ṣebēru
transNormFromDict: ṣebēru
transLemmaFromDict: ṣapāru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 12
currentNormLineArray[1]: 13
---------------
normIndex: 261
transIndex: 261
transForm: ŠUB{+e}
normLemmaFromText: nadû
normFormFromText: nadê
transNormFromDict: nadê
transLemmaFromDict: nadû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 13
currentNormLineArray[1]: 14
---------------
normIndex: 262
transIndex: 262
transForm: KI.HUL
normLemmaFromText: kihullû
normFormFromText: kihullû
transNormFromDict: kihullû
transLemmaFromDict: kihullû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 14
currentNormLineArray[1]: 15
---------------
normIndex: 263
transIndex: 263
transForm: nu-šur-ru-u₂
normLemmaFromText: nušurrû
normFormFromText: nušurrû
transNormFromDict: nušurrû
transLemmaFromDict: nušurrû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 15
currentNormLineArray[1]: 16
---------------
normIndex: 264
transIndex: 264
transForm: ina
normLemmaFromText: ina
normFormFromText: ina
transNormFromDict: ina
transLemmaFromDict: ina
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 16
currentNormLineArray[1]: 17
---------------
normIndex: 265
transIndex: 265
transForm: KISLAH₃
normLemmaFromText: dannatu
normFormFromText: dannati
transNormFromDict: dannati
transLemmaFromDict: dannatu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 17
currentNormLineArray[1]: 18
---------------
normIndex: 266
transIndex: 266
transForm: GAR{+an}
normLemmaFromText: šakānu
normFormFromText: iššakkan
transNormFromDict: iššakkan
transLemmaFromDict: šakānu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 18
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 267
transIndex: 267
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 268
transIndex: 268
transForm: 2.30
normLemmaFromText: šumēlu
normFormFromText: šumēl
transNormFromDict: šumēl
transLemmaFromDict: šumēlu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 269
transIndex: 269
transForm: MUR
normLemmaFromText: hašû
normFormFromText: hašê
transNormFromDict: hašê
transLemmaFromDict: hašû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 270
transIndex: 270
transForm: GIR₃
normLemmaFromText: šēpu
normFormFromText: šēpu
transNormFromDict: šēpu
transLemmaFromDict: šēpu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 271
transIndex: 271
transForm: GAR{+at₂}
normLemmaFromText: šaknu
normFormFromText: šaknat
transNormFromDict: šaknat
transLemmaFromDict: šaknu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 272
transIndex: 272
transForm: GIR₃
normLemmaFromText: šēpu
normFormFromText: šēpu
transNormFromDict: šēpu
transLemmaFromDict: šēpu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 273
transIndex: 273
transForm: KUR₂
normLemmaFromText: nakru
normFormFromText: nakri
transNormFromDict: nakrim
transLemmaFromDict: nakru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 8
---------------
normIndex: 274
transIndex: 274
transForm: ŠA₃.HUL
normLemmaFromText: lumnu
normFormFromText: lumun
transNormFromDict: libbi
transLemmaFromDict: libbu
In share_compound,
textLemma: lumun, transDictLemma: libbi, compound: lumun libbi
transFormTuple != (0,0,'',0)
(indexOfnormLemmaFromText, normJump, compound, transJump) = (0,2,lumun libbi,2)
Checking inner elements, with innerIncrement: 1
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 9
currentNormLineArray[1]: 10
---------------
normIndex: 276
transIndex: 276
transForm: KUR₂
normLemmaFromText: nakru
normFormFromText: nakru
transNormFromDict: nakrim
transLemmaFromDict: nakru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 10
currentNormLineArray[1]: 11
---------------
normIndex: 277
transIndex: 277
transForm: ṣi-rim-ti
normLemmaFromText: ṣirimtu
normFormFromText: ṣirimti
transNormFromDict: ṣirimti
transLemmaFromDict: ṣirimtu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 11
currentNormLineArray[1]: 12
---------------
normIndex: 278
transIndex: 278
transForm: TUK-ma
normLemmaFromText: rašû
normFormFromText: iraššima
transNormFromDict: iraššima
transLemmaFromDict: rašû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 12
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 279
transIndex: 279
transForm: x-ta-lil
normLemmaFromText: x-ta-lil
normFormFromText: x-ta-lil
transNormFromDict: x-ta-lil
transLemmaFromDict: x-ta-lil
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 280
transIndex: 280
transForm: u
normLemmaFromText: u
normFormFromText: u
transNormFromDict: u
transLemmaFromDict: u
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 281
transIndex: 281
transForm: SAGŠU
normLemmaFromText: kubšu
normFormFromText: kubšu
transNormFromDict: kubšu
transLemmaFromDict: kubšu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 282
transIndex: 282
transForm: UGU
normLemmaFromText: eli
normFormFromText: eli
transNormFromDict: eli
transLemmaFromDict: eli
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 283
transIndex: 283
transForm: SA{+ti}
normLemmaFromText: kīdītu
normFormFromText: kīdīti
transNormFromDict: kīdīti
transLemmaFromDict: kīdītu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 284
transIndex: 284
transForm: U₅
normLemmaFromText: rakābu
normFormFromText: irkab
transNormFromDict: irkab
transLemmaFromDict: rakābu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 285
transIndex: 285
transForm: BA₃{+ut}
normLemmaFromText: amūtu
normFormFromText: amūt
transNormFromDict: amūt
transLemmaFromDict: amūtu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 8
---------------
normIndex: 286
transIndex: 286
transForm: {m}AN.ŠAR₂-DU₃-A
normLemmaFromText: assurbanipal
normFormFromText: Assurbanipal
transNormFromDict: Assurbanipal
transLemmaFromDict: Assurbanipal
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 8
currentNormLineArray[1]: 9
---------------
normIndex: 287
transIndex: 287
transForm: LUGAL
normLemmaFromText: šarru
normFormFromText: šarru
transNormFromDict: šarri
transLemmaFromDict: šarru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 9
currentNormLineArray[1]: 10
---------------
normIndex: 288
transIndex: 288
transForm: dan-nu
normLemmaFromText: dannu
normFormFromText: dannu
transNormFromDict: dannu
transLemmaFromDict: dannu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 10
currentNormLineArray[1]: 11
---------------
normIndex: 289
transIndex: 289
transForm: ša
normLemmaFromText: ša
normFormFromText: ša
transNormFromDict: ša
transLemmaFromDict: ša
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 11
currentNormLineArray[1]: 12
---------------
normIndex: 290
transIndex: 290
transForm: {d}MAŠ
normLemmaFromText: ninurta
normFormFromText: Ninurta
transNormFromDict: Ninurta
transLemmaFromDict: Ninurta
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 12
currentNormLineArray[1]: 13
---------------
normIndex: 291
transIndex: 291
transForm: u
normLemmaFromText: u
normFormFromText: u
transNormFromDict: u
transLemmaFromDict: u
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 13
currentNormLineArray[1]: 14
---------------
normIndex: 292
transIndex: 292
transForm: {d}15
normLemmaFromText: ištar
normFormFromText: Ištar
transNormFromDict: Ištar
transLemmaFromDict: Ištar
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 14
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 293
transIndex: 293
transForm: ana
normLemmaFromText: ana
normFormFromText: ana
transNormFromDict: ana
transLemmaFromDict: ana
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 294
transIndex: 294
transForm: A₂
normLemmaFromText: ahu
normFormFromText: ah
transNormFromDict: ah
transLemmaFromDict: ahu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 295
transIndex: 295
transForm: EREN₂-šu₂
normLemmaFromText: ummānu
normFormFromText: ummānišu
transNormFromDict: ummānātiš
transLemmaFromDict: ummānu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 296
transIndex: 296
transForm: DU-MEŠ{+ku}-ma
normLemmaFromText: alāku
normFormFromText: illakūma
transNormFromDict: illakūma
transLemmaFromDict: alāku
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 297
transIndex: 297
transForm: ir-hi-ṣu
normLemmaFromText: rahāṣu
normFormFromText: irhiṣū
transNormFromDict: irhiṣū
transLemmaFromDict: rahāṣu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 298
transIndex: 298
transForm: DAGAL{+tu₄}
normLemmaFromText: rapšu
normFormFromText: rapaštu
transNormFromDict: rapaštu
transLemmaFromDict: rapšu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 299
transIndex: 299
transForm: kur}ELAM.MA{ki
normLemmaFromText: elam
normFormFromText: Elam
transForm kur}ELAM.MA{ki not found in transNormDict keys at trans index 299
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 300
transIndex: 300
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 301
transIndex: 301
transForm: $
normLemmaFromText: $
normFormFromText: $
transForm $ not found in transNormDict keys at trans index 301
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 302
transIndex: 302
transForm: ZA
normLemmaFromText: za
normFormFromText: ZA
transForm ZA not found in transNormDict keys at trans index 302
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 303
transIndex: 303
transForm: qe₂-reb
normLemmaFromText: qerbu
normFormFromText: qereb
transNormFromDict: qereb
transLemmaFromDict: qerbu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 304
transIndex: 304
transForm: KUR-šu₂
normLemmaFromText: mātu
normFormFromText: mātišu
transNormFromDict: mātišu
transLemmaFromDict: mātu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 305
transIndex: 305
transForm: KU₅{+su₂}
normLemmaFromText: nakāsu
normFormFromText: ikkisū
transNormFromDict: ikkisū
transLemmaFromDict: nakāsu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 306
transIndex: 306
transForm: SAG.DU-su
normLemmaFromText: qaqqadu
normFormFromText: qaqqassu
transNormFromDict: qaqqassu
transLemmaFromDict: qaqqadu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 307
transIndex: 307
transForm: x.
normLemmaFromText: x.
normFormFromText: x.
transForm x. not found in transNormDict keys at trans index 307
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 308
transIndex: 308
transForm: AN-šu₂
normLemmaFromText: an-šu₂
normFormFromText: AN-šu₂
transForm AN-šu₂ not found in transNormDict keys at trans index 308
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 309
transIndex: 309
transForm: GAR{+in}
normLemmaFromText: šaknu
normFormFromText: šakin
transNormFromDict: šakin
transLemmaFromDict: šaknu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 310
transIndex: 310
transForm: BA₃{+ut}
normLemmaFromText: amūtu
normFormFromText: amūt
transNormFromDict: amūt
transLemmaFromDict: amūtu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 311
transIndex: 311
transForm: KI-{d}AMAR.UTU-TI.LA
normLemmaFromText: itti-marduk-balaṭu
normFormFromText: Itti-Marduk-balaṭu
transNormFromDict: Itti-Marduk-balaṭu
transLemmaFromDict: Itti-Marduk-balaṭu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 312
transIndex: 312
transForm: zi-ka-ru
normLemmaFromText: zikaru
normFormFromText: zikaru
transNormFromDict: zikaru
transLemmaFromDict: zikaru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 313
transIndex: 313
transForm: dan-nu
normLemmaFromText: dannu
normFormFromText: dannu
transNormFromDict: dannu
transLemmaFromDict: dannu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 314
transIndex: 314
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 315
transIndex: 315
transForm: LUGAL
normLemmaFromText: šarru
normFormFromText: šarru
transNormFromDict: šarri
transLemmaFromDict: šarru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 316
transIndex: 316
transForm: dan-nu
normLemmaFromText: dannu
normFormFromText: dannu
transNormFromDict: dannu
transLemmaFromDict: dannu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 317
transIndex: 317
transForm: ina
normLemmaFromText: ina
normFormFromText: ina
transNormFromDict: ina
transLemmaFromDict: ina
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 318
transIndex: 318
transForm: KUR
normLemmaFromText: mātu
normFormFromText: māti
transNormFromDict: māti
transLemmaFromDict: mātu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 319
transIndex: 319
transForm: GAL₂{+ši}
normLemmaFromText: bašû
normFormFromText: ibašši
transNormFromDict: ibašši
transLemmaFromDict: bašû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 320
transIndex: 320
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 321
transIndex: 321
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 322
transIndex: 322
transForm: GAR-ma
normLemmaFromText: šaknu
normFormFromText: šakinma
transNormFromDict: šakinma
transLemmaFromDict: šaknu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 323
transIndex: 323
transForm: KI.TA
normLemmaFromText: šaplānu
normFormFromText: šaplānu
transNormFromDict: šaplānu
transLemmaFromDict: šaplānu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 324
transIndex: 324
transForm: IGI
normLemmaFromText: naṭālu
normFormFromText: iṭṭul
transNormFromDict: pān
transLemmaFromDict: pānu
(indexOfnormLemmaFromText, normJump, compound, transJump) = (0,0,,0)
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 325
transIndex: 325
transForm: BA₃{+ut}
normLemmaFromText: amūtu
normFormFromText: amūt
transNormFromDict: amūt
transLemmaFromDict: amūtu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 326
transIndex: 326
transForm: {m}AN.ŠAR₂-da-a-a-an-ina-KUR.KUR
normLemmaFromText: aššur-dayyan-ina-matati
normFormFromText: Aššur-dayyan-ina-matati
transNormFromDict: Aššur-dayyan-ina-matati
transLemmaFromDict: Aššur-dayyan-ina-matati
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 8
---------------
normIndex: 327
transIndex: 327
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 8
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 328
transIndex: 328
transForm: x-li
normLemmaFromText: x-li
normFormFromText: x-li
transNormFromDict: x-li
transLemmaFromDict: x-li
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 329
transIndex: 329
transForm: ina
normLemmaFromText: ina
normFormFromText: ina
transNormFromDict: ina
transLemmaFromDict: ina
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 330
transIndex: 330
transForm: KUR-šu₂
normLemmaFromText: mātu
normFormFromText: mātišu
transNormFromDict: mātišu
transLemmaFromDict: mātu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 331
transIndex: 331
transForm: it-tak-KUD
normLemmaFromText: it-tak-kud
normFormFromText: it-tak-KUD
transNormFromDict: it-tak-KUD
transLemmaFromDict: it-tak-KUD
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 332
transIndex: 332
transForm: a-a-bi
normLemmaFromText: ayyābu
normFormFromText: ayyābi
transNormFromDict: ayyābi
transLemmaFromDict: ayyābu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 333
transIndex: 333
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 334
transIndex: 334
transForm: x-un-man-da
normLemmaFromText: x-un-man-da
normFormFromText: x-un-man-da
transNormFromDict: x-un-man-da
transLemmaFromDict: x-un-man-da
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 335
transIndex: 335
transForm: DAGAL{+tu₄}
normLemmaFromText: rapšu
normFormFromText: rapaštu
transNormFromDict: rapaštu
transLemmaFromDict: rapšu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 336
transIndex: 336
transForm: i-x
normLemmaFromText: i-x
normFormFromText: i-x
transNormFromDict: i-x
transLemmaFromDict: i-x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 337
transIndex: 337
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 338
transIndex: 338
transForm: ina
normLemmaFromText: ina
normFormFromText: ina
transNormFromDict: ina
transLemmaFromDict: ina
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 339
transIndex: 339
transForm: U₄
normLemmaFromText: ūmu
normFormFromText: ūmi
transNormFromDict: šumma
transLemmaFromDict: šumma
(indexOfnormLemmaFromText, normJump, compound, transJump) = (0,0,,0)
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 340
transIndex: 340
transForm: SU₃
normLemmaFromText: rūqu
normFormFromText: rūqi
transNormFromDict: rūqi
transLemmaFromDict: rūqu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 341
transIndex: 341
transForm: {munus}PEŠ₄
normLemmaFromText: arītu
normFormFromText: arītu
transNormFromDict: arītu
transLemmaFromDict: arītu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 342
transIndex: 342
transForm: ša₃
normLemmaFromText: ša
normFormFromText: ša
transNormFromDict: ša
transLemmaFromDict: ša
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 343
transIndex: 343
transForm: ŠA₃-ša₃
normLemmaFromText: libbu
normFormFromText: libbiša
transNormFromDict: libbiša
transLemmaFromDict: libbu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 8
---------------
normIndex: 344
transIndex: 344
transForm: ŠUB{+a}
normLemmaFromText: nadû
normFormFromText: inaddâ
transNormFromDict: inaddâ
transLemmaFromDict: nadû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 8
currentNormLineArray[1]: 9
---------------
normIndex: 345
transIndex: 345
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 9
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 346
transIndex: 346
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 347
transIndex: 347
transForm: ina
normLemmaFromText: ina
normFormFromText: ina
transNormFromDict: ina
transLemmaFromDict: ina
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 348
transIndex: 348
transForm: IGI
normLemmaFromText: pānu
normFormFromText: pān
transNormFromDict: pān
transLemmaFromDict: pānu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 349
transIndex: 349
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
Processing P240212_lookup
---------------
normIndex: 0
transIndex: 0
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
---------------
normIndex: 1
transIndex: 1
transForm: IGI
normLemmaFromText: pānu
normFormFromText: pān
transNormFromDict: pān
transLemmaFromDict: pānu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 2
transIndex: 2
transForm: TUN₃
normLemmaFromText: tākaltu
normFormFromText: tākalti
transNormFromDict: tākalti
transLemmaFromDict: tākaltu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 3
transIndex: 3
transForm: šu-šu-riš
normLemmaFromText: šūšuriš
normFormFromText: šūšuriš
transNormFromDict: šūšuriš
transLemmaFromDict: šūšuriš
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 4
transIndex: 4
transForm: GAR
normLemmaFromText: šaknu
normFormFromText: šakin
transNormFromDict: šakin
transLemmaFromDict: šaknu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 5
transIndex: 5
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 6
transIndex: 6
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 7
transIndex: 7
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 8
transIndex: 8
transForm: kur}ELAM.MA{ki
normLemmaFromText: elam
normFormFromText: Elam
transForm kur}ELAM.MA{ki not found in transNormDict keys at trans index 8
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 9
transIndex: 9
transForm: a-na
normLemmaFromText: ana
normFormFromText: ana
transNormFromDict: ana
transLemmaFromDict: ana
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 10
transIndex: 10
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 11
transIndex: 11
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 12
transIndex: 12
transForm: $
normLemmaFromText: $
normFormFromText: $
transForm $ not found in transNormDict keys at trans index 12
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 13
transIndex: 13
transForm: IM
normLemmaFromText: im
normFormFromText: IM
transForm IM not found in transNormDict keys at trans index 13
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 14
transIndex: 14
transForm: u₂-šap-pu-ma
normLemmaFromText: šapû
normFormFromText: ušappûma
transNormFromDict: ušappûma
transLemmaFromDict: šapû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 15
transIndex: 15
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 16
transIndex: 16
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 17
transIndex: 17
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 8
---------------
normIndex: 18
transIndex: 18
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 8
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 19
transIndex: 19
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 20
transIndex: 20
transForm: {lu₂}e-la-mi-i
normLemmaFromText: elamiya
normFormFromText: Elamiya
transNormFromDict: Elamiya
transLemmaFromDict: Elamaya
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 21
transIndex: 21
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 22
transIndex: 22
transForm: i-na
normLemmaFromText: ina
normFormFromText: ina
transNormFromDict: ina
transLemmaFromDict: ina
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 23
transIndex: 23
transForm: mi-gir
normLemmaFromText: migru
normFormFromText: migir
transNormFromDict: migir
transLemmaFromDict: migru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 24
transIndex: 24
transForm: lib₃-bi-šu₂-nu
normLemmaFromText: libbu
normFormFromText: libbišunu
transNormFromDict: libbišunu
transLemmaFromDict: libbu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 25
transIndex: 25
transForm: it-tar-ru-šu₂-ma
normLemmaFromText: warû
normFormFromText: ittarrûšuma
transNormFromDict: ittarrûšuma
transLemmaFromDict: warû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 26
transIndex: 26
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 27
transIndex: 27
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 28
transIndex: 28
transForm: UGU-šu₂-un
normLemmaFromText: eli
normFormFromText: elišun
transNormFromDict: elišun
transLemmaFromDict: eli
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 29
transIndex: 29
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: _
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 30
transIndex: 30
transForm: ša₂
normLemmaFromText: ša
normFormFromText: ša
transNormFromDict: ša
transLemmaFromDict: ša
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 31
transIndex: 31
transForm: 2.30-šu₂
normLemmaFromText: šumēla
normFormFromText: šumēlšu
transNormFromDict: šumēlšu
transLemmaFromDict: šumēla
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 32
transIndex: 32
transForm: GIŠ.HUR
normLemmaFromText: uṣurtu
normFormFromText: uṣurtu
transNormFromDict: uṣurtu
transLemmaFromDict: uṣurtu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 33
transIndex: 33
transForm: ana
normLemmaFromText: ana
normFormFromText: ana
transNormFromDict: ana
transLemmaFromDict: ana
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 34
transIndex: 34
transForm: ŠU.SI
normLemmaFromText: ubānu
normFormFromText: ubāni
transNormFromDict: ubāni
transLemmaFromDict: ubānu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 35
transIndex: 35
transForm: eṣ-ret
normLemmaFromText: eṣru
normFormFromText: eṣret
transNormFromDict: eṣret
transLemmaFromDict: eṣru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 36
transIndex: 36
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 37
transIndex: 37
transForm: kur}ELAM.MA{ki
normLemmaFromText: elam
normFormFromText: Elam
transForm kur}ELAM.MA{ki not found in transNormDict keys at trans index 37
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 38
transIndex: 38
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 39
transIndex: 39
transForm: KU₅{+su}-ma
normLemmaFromText: parāsu
normFormFromText: iparrasūma
transNormFromDict: ikkisūma
transLemmaFromDict: nakāsu
(indexOfnormLemmaFromText, normJump, compound, transJump) = (0,0,,0)
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 40
transIndex: 40
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 41
transIndex: 41
transForm: UGU-šu₂-un
normLemmaFromText: eli
normFormFromText: elišun
transNormFromDict: elišun
transLemmaFromDict: eli
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 42
transIndex: 42
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: _
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 43
transIndex: 43
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 44
transIndex: 44
transForm: $
normLemmaFromText: $
normFormFromText: $
transForm $ not found in transNormDict keys at trans index 44
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 45
transIndex: 45
transForm: 
normLemmaFromText: na
normFormFromText: 
transNormFromDict: 
transLemmaFromDict: x[NA]NA
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 46
transIndex: 46
transForm: $
normLemmaFromText: $
normFormFromText: $
transForm $ not found in transNormDict keys at trans index 46
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 47
transIndex: 47
transForm: KUM
normLemmaFromText: kum
normFormFromText: KUM
transForm KUM not found in transNormDict keys at trans index 47
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 48
transIndex: 48
transForm: DINGIR-MEŠ
normLemmaFromText: ilu
normFormFromText: ilī
transNormFromDict: ilī
transLemmaFromDict: ilu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 8
---------------
normIndex: 49
transIndex: 49
transForm: GAL-MEŠ
normLemmaFromText: rabû
normFormFromText: rabûti
transNormFromDict: rabûti
transLemmaFromDict: rabû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 8
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 50
transIndex: 50
transForm: x-ti
normLemmaFromText: x-ti
normFormFromText: x-ti
transNormFromDict: x-ti
transLemmaFromDict: x-ti
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 51
transIndex: 51
transForm: DU₁₁{+u₂}
normLemmaFromText: qabû
normFormFromText: qabû
transNormFromDict: qabû
transLemmaFromDict: qabû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 52
transIndex: 52
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 53
transIndex: 53
transForm: BAL{+qi₂}
normLemmaFromText: naqû
normFormFromText: inaqqi
transNormFromDict: inaqqi
transLemmaFromDict: naqû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 54
transIndex: 54
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 55
transIndex: 55
transForm: qi₂-bi-ti
normLemmaFromText: qibītu
normFormFromText: qibītī
transNormFromDict: qibītī
transLemmaFromDict: qibītu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 56
transIndex: 56
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 57
transIndex: 57
transForm: qi₂-bi-ti
normLemmaFromText: qibītu
normFormFromText: qibītī
transNormFromDict: qibītī
transLemmaFromDict: qibītu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 58
transIndex: 58
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: _
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 59
transIndex: 59
transForm: {m}AN.ŠAR₂-DU₃-A
normLemmaFromText: assurbanipal
normFormFromText: Assurbanipal
transNormFromDict: Assurbanipal
transLemmaFromDict: Assurbanipal
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 60
transIndex: 60
transForm: LUGAL
normLemmaFromText: šarru
normFormFromText: šarru
transNormFromDict: šarri
transLemmaFromDict: šarru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 61
transIndex: 61
transForm: dan-nu
normLemmaFromText: dannu
normFormFromText: dannu
transNormFromDict: dannu
transLemmaFromDict: dannu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 62
transIndex: 62
transForm: NUN
normLemmaFromText: rubû
normFormFromText: rubû
transNormFromDict: rubû
transLemmaFromDict: rubû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 63
transIndex: 63
transForm: na-aʾ-du
normLemmaFromText: naʾdu
normFormFromText: naʾdu
transNormFromDict: naʾdu
transLemmaFromDict: naʾdu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 64
transIndex: 64
transForm: ša₂
normLemmaFromText: ša
normFormFromText: ša
transNormFromDict: ša
transLemmaFromDict: ša
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 8
---------------
normIndex: 65
transIndex: 65
transForm: {d}15
normLemmaFromText: ištaru
normFormFromText: Ištar
transNormFromDict: Ištar
transLemmaFromDict: Ištar
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 8
currentNormLineArray[1]: 9
---------------
normIndex: 66
transIndex: 66
transForm: be-let
normLemmaFromText: bēltu
normFormFromText: bēlet
transNormFromDict: bēlet
transLemmaFromDict: bēltu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 9
currentNormLineArray[1]: 10
---------------
normIndex: 67
transIndex: 67
transForm: ME₃
normLemmaFromText: tāhāzu
normFormFromText: tāhāzi
transNormFromDict: tāhāzi
transLemmaFromDict: tāhāzu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 10
currentNormLineArray[1]: 11
---------------
normIndex: 68
transIndex: 68
transForm: A₂
normLemmaFromText: ahu
normFormFromText: ah
transNormFromDict: ah
transLemmaFromDict: ahu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 11
currentNormLineArray[1]: 12
---------------
normIndex: 69
transIndex: 69
transForm: EREN₂-šu₂
normLemmaFromText: ummānu
normFormFromText: ummānātiš
transNormFromDict: ummānātiš
transLemmaFromDict: ummānu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 12
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 70
transIndex: 70
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 71
transIndex: 71
transForm: kur}ELAM.MA{ki
normLemmaFromText: elam
normFormFromText: Elam
transForm kur}ELAM.MA{ki not found in transNormDict keys at trans index 71
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 72
transIndex: 72
transForm: ina
normLemmaFromText: ina
normFormFromText: ina
transNormFromDict: ina
transLemmaFromDict: ina
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 73
transIndex: 73
transForm: qe₂-reb
normLemmaFromText: qerbu
normFormFromText: qereb
transNormFromDict: qereb
transLemmaFromDict: qerbu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 74
transIndex: 74
transForm: tam-ha-ru
normLemmaFromText: tamhāru
normFormFromText: tamhāru
transNormFromDict: tamhāru
transLemmaFromDict: tamhāru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 75
transIndex: 75
transForm: KU₅{+su}-ma
normLemmaFromText: nakāsu
normFormFromText: ikkisūma
transNormFromDict: ikkisūma
transLemmaFromDict: nakāsu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 76
transIndex: 76
transForm: DUMU
normLemmaFromText: māru
normFormFromText: mār
transNormFromDict: mār
transLemmaFromDict: māru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 8
---------------
normIndex: 77
transIndex: 77
transForm: m}EN-BA{+a
normLemmaFromText: bel-iqiša
normFormFromText: Bel-iqiša
transForm m}EN-BA{+a not found in transNormDict keys at trans index 77
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 8
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 78
transIndex: 78
transForm: x-x-tu-tu₄
normLemmaFromText: x-x-tu-tu₄
normFormFromText: x-x-tu-tu₄
transNormFromDict: x-x-tu-tu₄
transLemmaFromDict: x-x-tu-tu₄
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 79
transIndex: 79
transForm: {lu₂}e-la-mi-i
normLemmaFromText: elamiya
normFormFromText: Elamiya
transNormFromDict: Elamiya
transLemmaFromDict: Elamaya
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 80
transIndex: 80
transForm: ina
normLemmaFromText: ina
normFormFromText: ina
transNormFromDict: ina
transLemmaFromDict: ina
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 81
transIndex: 81
transForm: GU₂-šu₂
normLemmaFromText: kišādu
normFormFromText: kišādišu
transNormFromDict: kišādišu
transLemmaFromDict: kišādu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 82
transIndex: 82
transForm: i-lu-lu-ma
normLemmaFromText: alālu
normFormFromText: īlulūma
transNormFromDict: īlulūma
transLemmaFromDict: alālu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 83
transIndex: 83
transForm: {m}AN.ŠAR₂-DU₃-A
normLemmaFromText: assurbanipal
normFormFromText: Assurbanipal
transNormFromDict: Assurbanipal
transLemmaFromDict: Assurbanipal
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 84
transIndex: 84
transForm: a-na
normLemmaFromText: ana
normFormFromText: ana
transNormFromDict: ana
transLemmaFromDict: ana
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 85
transIndex: 85
transForm: NINA{ki}
normLemmaFromText: ninua
normFormFromText: Ninua
transNormFromDict: Ninua
transLemmaFromDict: Ninua
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 86
transIndex: 86
transForm: IRI
normLemmaFromText: ālu
normFormFromText: āl
transNormFromDict: āl
transLemmaFromDict: ālu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 87
transIndex: 87
transForm: be-lu-ti-šu₂
normLemmaFromText: bēlūtu
normFormFromText: bēlūtišu
transNormFromDict: bēlūtišu
transLemmaFromDict: bēlūtu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 88
transIndex: 88
transForm: ha-diš
normLemmaFromText: hadîš
normFormFromText: hadîš
transNormFromDict: hadîš
transLemmaFromDict: hadîš
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 89
transIndex: 89
transForm: i-riš-šu₂
normLemmaFromText: riāšu
normFormFromText: iriššū
transNormFromDict: iriššū
transLemmaFromDict: riāšu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 90
transIndex: 90
transForm: i-te-ep-pu-šu₂
normLemmaFromText: epēšu
normFormFromText: īteppušū
transNormFromDict: īteppušū
transLemmaFromDict: epēšu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 8
---------------
normIndex: 91
transIndex: 91
transForm: ni-gu-ti
normLemmaFromText: nigûtu
normFormFromText: nigûtī
transNormFromDict: nigûtī
transLemmaFromDict: nigûtu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 8
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 92
transIndex: 92
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: _
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 93
transIndex: 93
transForm: DUMU
normLemmaFromText: māru
normFormFromText: mār
transNormFromDict: mār
transLemmaFromDict: māru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 94
transIndex: 94
transForm: ši-ip-ru
normLemmaFromText: šipru
normFormFromText: šipru
transNormFromDict: šipru
transLemmaFromDict: šipru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 95
transIndex: 95
transForm: ša₂
normLemmaFromText: ša
normFormFromText: ša
transNormFromDict: ša
transLemmaFromDict: ša
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 96
transIndex: 96
transForm: {m}um-man-i-gaš
normLemmaFromText: umman-igaš
normFormFromText: Umman-igaš
transNormFromDict: Umman-igaš
transLemmaFromDict: Umman-igaš
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 97
transIndex: 97
transForm: LUGAL
normLemmaFromText: šarru
normFormFromText: šar
transNormFromDict: šarri
transLemmaFromDict: šarru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 98
transIndex: 98
transForm: kur}ELAM.MA{ki
normLemmaFromText: elam
normFormFromText: Elam
transForm kur}ELAM.MA{ki not found in transNormDict keys at trans index 98
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 8
---------------
normIndex: 99
transIndex: 99
transForm: ina
normLemmaFromText: ina
normFormFromText: ina
transNormFromDict: ina
transLemmaFromDict: ina
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 8
currentNormLineArray[1]: 9
---------------
normIndex: 100
transIndex: 100
transForm: IGI
normLemmaFromText: pānu
normFormFromText: pān
transNormFromDict: pān
transLemmaFromDict: pānu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 9
currentNormLineArray[1]: 10
---------------
normIndex: 101
transIndex: 101
transForm: {m}AN.ŠAR₂-DU₃-A
normLemmaFromText: assurbanipal
normFormFromText: Assurbanipal
transNormFromDict: Assurbanipal
transLemmaFromDict: Assurbanipal
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 10
currentNormLineArray[1]: 11
---------------
normIndex: 102
transIndex: 102
transForm: LUGAL
normLemmaFromText: šarru
normFormFromText: šar
transNormFromDict: šarri
transLemmaFromDict: šarru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 11
currentNormLineArray[1]: 12
---------------
normIndex: 103
transIndex: 103
transForm: ŠU₂
normLemmaFromText: kiššatu
normFormFromText: kiššati
transNormFromDict: kiššati
transLemmaFromDict: kiššatu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 12
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 104
transIndex: 104
transForm: {m}AN.ŠAR₂-DU₃-A
normLemmaFromText: assurbanipal
normFormFromText: Assurbanipal
transNormFromDict: Assurbanipal
transLemmaFromDict: Assurbanipal
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 105
transIndex: 105
transForm: LUGAL
normLemmaFromText: šarru
normFormFromText: šar
transNormFromDict: šarri
transLemmaFromDict: šarru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 106
transIndex: 106
transForm: ŠU₂
normLemmaFromText: kiššatu
normFormFromText: kiššati
transNormFromDict: kiššati
transLemmaFromDict: kiššatu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 107
transIndex: 107
transForm: a-na
normLemmaFromText: ana
normFormFromText: ana
transNormFromDict: ana
transLemmaFromDict: ana
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 108
transIndex: 108
transForm: a-mat
normLemmaFromText: awātu
normFormFromText: amāt
transNormFromDict: amāt
transLemmaFromDict: awātu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 109
transIndex: 109
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 110
transIndex: 110
transForm: i-duk-ma
normLemmaFromText: dâku
normFormFromText: idūkma
transNormFromDict: idūkma
transLemmaFromDict: dâku
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 111
transIndex: 111
transForm: i-na
normLemmaFromText: ina
normFormFromText: ina
transNormFromDict: ina
transLemmaFromDict: ina
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 112
transIndex: 112
transForm: {giš}GU.ZA-šu₂
normLemmaFromText: kussû
normFormFromText: kussišu
transNormFromDict: kussišu
transLemmaFromDict: kussû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 113
transIndex: 113
transForm: u₂-šib
normLemmaFromText: wašābu
normFormFromText: ūšib
transNormFromDict: ūšib
transLemmaFromDict: wašābu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 114
transIndex: 114
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 115
transIndex: 115
transForm: {m}tam-mar-it₂
normLemmaFromText: tammarit
normFormFromText: Tammarit
transNormFromDict: Tammarit
transLemmaFromDict: Tammaritu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 116
transIndex: 116
transForm: LUGAL
normLemmaFromText: šarru
normFormFromText: šar
transNormFromDict: šarri
transLemmaFromDict: šarru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 117
transIndex: 117
transForm: kur}ELAM.MA{ki
normLemmaFromText: elam
normFormFromText: Elam
transForm kur}ELAM.MA{ki not found in transNormDict keys at trans index 117
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 118
transIndex: 118
transForm: u
normLemmaFromText: u
normFormFromText: u
transNormFromDict: u
transLemmaFromDict: u
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 119
transIndex: 119
transForm: qa₂-du
normLemmaFromText: qadu
normFormFromText: qadu
transNormFromDict: qadu
transLemmaFromDict: qadu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 120
transIndex: 120
transForm: rab-ban-na-ti-šu₂
normLemmaFromText: rabiānu
normFormFromText: rabbannātišu
transNormFromDict: rabbannātišu
transLemmaFromDict: rabiānu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 121
transIndex: 121
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 122
transIndex: 122
transForm: NINA{ki}
normLemmaFromText: ninua
normFormFromText: Ninua
transNormFromDict: Ninua
transLemmaFromDict: Ninua
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 123
transIndex: 123
transForm: IRI
normLemmaFromText: ālu
normFormFromText: āl
transNormFromDict: āl
transLemmaFromDict: ālu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 124
transIndex: 124
transForm: be-lu-ti-šu₂
normLemmaFromText: bēlūtu
normFormFromText: bēlūtišu
transNormFromDict: bēlūtišu
transLemmaFromDict: bēlūtu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 125
transIndex: 125
transForm: ina
normLemmaFromText: ina
normFormFromText: ina
transNormFromDict: ina
transLemmaFromDict: ina
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 126
transIndex: 126
transForm: IGI-šu₂
normLemmaFromText: pānu
normFormFromText: pānišu
transNormFromDict: pānišu
transLemmaFromDict: pānu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 127
transIndex: 127
transForm: it-tan-qa₂-ra-ar₂-ru
normLemmaFromText: qarāru
normFormFromText: ittanqarrarru
transNormFromDict: ittanqarrarru
transLemmaFromDict: qarāru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 128
transIndex: 128
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: _
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 129
transIndex: 129
transForm: u
normLemmaFromText: u
normFormFromText: u
transNormFromDict: u
transLemmaFromDict: u
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 130
transIndex: 130
transForm: {d}15
normLemmaFromText: ištaru
normFormFromText: Ištar
transNormFromDict: Ištar
transLemmaFromDict: Ištar
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 131
transIndex: 131
transForm: i-ram-mu-šu₂-ma
normLemmaFromText: râmu
normFormFromText: irammūšma
transNormFromDict: irammūšma
transLemmaFromDict: râmu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 132
transIndex: 132
transForm: i-na
normLemmaFromText: ina
normFormFromText: ina
transNormFromDict: ina
transLemmaFromDict: ina
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 133
transIndex: 133
transForm: mi-gir
normLemmaFromText: migru
normFormFromText: migir
transNormFromDict: migir
transLemmaFromDict: migru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 134
transIndex: 134
transForm: lib₃-bi-šu₂-nu
normLemmaFromText: libbu
normFormFromText: libbišunu
transNormFromDict: libbišunu
transLemmaFromDict: libbu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 8
---------------
normIndex: 135
transIndex: 135
transForm: it-tar-ru-šu₂-ma
normLemmaFromText: warû
normFormFromText: ittarrûšuma
transNormFromDict: ittarrûšuma
transLemmaFromDict: warû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 8
currentNormLineArray[1]: 9
---------------
normIndex: 136
transIndex: 136
transForm: {m}tam-mar-it₂
normLemmaFromText: tammarit
normFormFromText: Tammarit
transNormFromDict: Tammarit
transLemmaFromDict: Tammaritu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 9
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 137
transIndex: 137
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 138
transIndex: 138
transForm: re-ṣu-ti
normLemmaFromText: rēṣūtu
normFormFromText: rēṣūti
transNormFromDict: rēṣūti
transLemmaFromDict: rēṣūtu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 139
transIndex: 139
transForm: {m}GIŠ.NU₁₁-MU-GI.NA
normLemmaFromText: šamaš-šumu-ukin
normFormFromText: Šamaš-šumu-ukin
transNormFromDict: Šamaš-šumu-ukin
transLemmaFromDict: Šamaš-šumu-ukin
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 140
transIndex: 140
transForm: ṣu-um-mu-ru
normLemmaFromText: ṣummuru
normFormFromText: ṣummuru
transNormFromDict: ṣummuru
transLemmaFromDict: ṣummuru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 141
transIndex: 141
transForm: šu-u₂
normLemmaFromText: šū
normFormFromText: šū
transNormFromDict: šū
transLemmaFromDict: šū
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 142
transIndex: 142
transForm: {lu₂}HAL-šu₂
normLemmaFromText: bārû
normFormFromText: bārûšu
transNormFromDict: bārûšu
transLemmaFromDict: bārû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 143
transIndex: 143
transForm: u
normLemmaFromText: u
normFormFromText: u
transNormFromDict: u
transLemmaFromDict: u
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 8
---------------
normIndex: 144
transIndex: 144
transForm: rab-ban-na-ti-šu₂
normLemmaFromText: rabiānu
normFormFromText: rabbannātišu
transNormFromDict: rabbannātišu
transLemmaFromDict: rabiānu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 8
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 145
transIndex: 145
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 146
transIndex: 146
transForm: il-la-ku-nim-ma
normLemmaFromText: alāku
normFormFromText: illakūnimma
transNormFromDict: illakūnimma
transLemmaFromDict: alāku
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 147
transIndex: 147
transForm: u₂-na-aš₂-ša₂-qu
normLemmaFromText: našāqu
normFormFromText: unaššaqū
transNormFromDict: unaššaqū
transLemmaFromDict: našāqu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 148
transIndex: 148
transForm: GIR₃-MIN-šu₂
normLemmaFromText: šēpu
normFormFromText: šēpāšu
transNormFromDict: šēpāšu
transLemmaFromDict: šēpu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 149
transIndex: 149
transForm: {m}tam-mar-it₂
normLemmaFromText: tammarit
normFormFromText: Tammarit
transNormFromDict: Tammarit
transLemmaFromDict: Tammaritu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 150
transIndex: 150
transForm: u
normLemmaFromText: u
normFormFromText: u
transNormFromDict: u
transLemmaFromDict: u
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 151
transIndex: 151
transForm: {lu₂}HAL-šu₂
normLemmaFromText: bārû
normFormFromText: bārûšu
transNormFromDict: bārûšu
transLemmaFromDict: bārû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 152
transIndex: 152
transForm: ina
normLemmaFromText: ina
normFormFromText: ina
transNormFromDict: ina
transLemmaFromDict: ina
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 153
transIndex: 153
transForm: IGI-šu₂
normLemmaFromText: pānu
normFormFromText: pānišu
transNormFromDict: pānišu
transLemmaFromDict: pānu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 154
transIndex: 154
transForm: u₂-kan-nu
normLemmaFromText: kânu
normFormFromText: ukannū
transNormFromDict: ukannū
transLemmaFromDict: kânu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 155
transIndex: 155
transForm: a-ha-miš
normLemmaFromText: ahāmiš
normFormFromText: ahāmiš
transNormFromDict: ahāmiš
transLemmaFromDict: ahāmiš
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 156
transIndex: 156
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: _
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 157
transIndex: 157
transForm: 15
normLemmaFromText: imittu
normFormFromText: imitti
transNormFromDict: imitti
transLemmaFromDict: imittu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 158
transIndex: 158
transForm: u
normLemmaFromText: ū
normFormFromText: ū
transNormFromDict: u
transLemmaFromDict: u
Dialect match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 159
transIndex: 159
transForm: 2.30
normLemmaFromText: šumēlu
normFormFromText: šumēl
transNormFromDict: šumēl
transLemmaFromDict: šumēlu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 160
transIndex: 160
transForm: 
normLemmaFromText: mazzāzu
normFormFromText: manzāzi
transNormFromDict: 
transLemmaFromDict: x[NA]NA
transDictLemma in textLemma
transDictLemmaElements: 
['']
textLemmaElements: 
['manzāzi']

False
remainingElements in textLemma:
['manzāzi']
transFormTuple != (0,0,'',0)
(indexOfnormLemmaFromText, normJump, compound, transJump) = (0,2,manzāzi,1)
Checking inner elements, with innerIncrement: 1
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 162
transIndex: 161
transForm: SIG
normLemmaFromText: amūtu
normFormFromText: amūt
transNormFromDict: qatan
transLemmaFromDict: qatnu
(indexOfnormLemmaFromText, normJump, compound, transJump) = (0,0,,0)
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 8
---------------
normIndex: 163
transIndex: 162
transForm: BA₃{+ut}
normLemmaFromText: assurbanipal
normFormFromText: Assurbanipal
transNormFromDict: amūt
transLemmaFromDict: amūtu
(indexOfnormLemmaFromText, normJump, compound, transJump) = (0,0,,0)
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 8
currentNormLineArray[1]: 9
---------------
normIndex: 164
transIndex: 163
transForm: {m}AN.ŠAR₂-DU₃-IBILA
normLemmaFromText: šarru
normFormFromText: šar
transNormFromDict: Assurbanipal
transLemmaFromDict: Assurbanipal
(indexOfnormLemmaFromText, normJump, compound, transJump) = (0,0,,0)
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 9
currentNormLineArray[1]: 10
---------------
normIndex: 165
transIndex: 164
transForm: LUGAL
normLemmaFromText: kiššatu
normFormFromText: kiššati
transNormFromDict: šarri
transLemmaFromDict: šarru
(indexOfnormLemmaFromText, normJump, compound, transJump) = (0,0,,0)
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 10
currentNormLineArray[1]: 11
---------------
normIndex: 166
transIndex: 165
transForm: ŠU₂
normLemmaFromText: ša
normFormFromText: ša
transNormFromDict: kiššati
transLemmaFromDict: kiššatu
textLemma: ša in transDictLemma: kiššati
remainingElements in transDictLemma:
['kiššati']
textLemma: ša in transDictLemma: kiššatu
remainingElements in transDictLemma:
['kiššatu']
transFormTuple != (0,0,'',0)
(indexOfnormLemmaFromText, normJump, compound, transJump) = (3,2,kiššati,1)
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 12
currentNormLineArray[1]: 13
---------------
normIndex: 168
transIndex: 166
transForm: ša₂
normLemmaFromText: u
normFormFromText: u
transNormFromDict: ša
transLemmaFromDict: ša
(indexOfnormLemmaFromText, normJump, compound, transJump) = (0,0,,0)
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 13
currentNormLineArray[1]: 14
---------------
normIndex: 169
transIndex: 167
transForm: {d}UTU
normLemmaFromText: ištaru
normFormFromText: Ištar
transNormFromDict: Šamaš
transLemmaFromDict: Šamaš
(indexOfnormLemmaFromText, normJump, compound, transJump) = (0,0,,0)
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 14
currentNormLineArray[1]: 15
---------------
normIndex: 170
transIndex: 168
transForm: u
normLemmaFromText: ahu
normFormFromText: ah
transNormFromDict: u
transLemmaFromDict: u
(indexOfnormLemmaFromText, normJump, compound, transJump) = (0,0,,0)
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 15
currentNormLineArray[1]: 16
---------------
normIndex: 171
transIndex: 169
transForm: {d}15
normLemmaFromText: ummānu
normFormFromText: ummānātišu
transNormFromDict: Ištar
transLemmaFromDict: Ištar
(indexOfnormLemmaFromText, normJump, compound, transJump) = (0,0,,0)
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 16
currentNormLineArray[1]: 17
---------------
normIndex: 172
transIndex: 170
transForm: A₂
normLemmaFromText: alāku
normFormFromText: illukūma
transNormFromDict: ah
transLemmaFromDict: ahu
(indexOfnormLemmaFromText, normJump, compound, transJump) = (0,0,,0)
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 17
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 173
transIndex: 171
transForm: EREN₂-HI.A-šu₂
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: ummānātišu
transLemmaFromDict: ummānu
(indexOfnormLemmaFromText, normJump, compound, transJump) = (0,0,,0)
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 174
transIndex: 172
transForm: DU{+ku}-ma
normLemmaFromText: ina
normFormFromText: ina
transNormFromDict: illukūma
transLemmaFromDict: alāku
(indexOfnormLemmaFromText, normJump, compound, transJump) = (0,0,,0)
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 175
transIndex: 173
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: qerbu
normFormFromText: qereb
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
(indexOfnormLemmaFromText, normJump, compound, transJump) = (0,0,,0)
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 176
transIndex: 174
transForm: ina
normLemmaFromText: tamhāru
normFormFromText: tamhāru
transNormFromDict: ina
transLemmaFromDict: ina
(indexOfnormLemmaFromText, normJump, compound, transJump) = (0,0,,0)
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 177
transIndex: 175
transForm: qe₂-reb
normLemmaFromText: nêru
normFormFromText: inārūma
transNormFromDict: qereb
transLemmaFromDict: qerbu
(indexOfnormLemmaFromText, normJump, compound, transJump) = (0,0,,0)
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 178
transIndex: 176
transForm: tam-ha-ru
normLemmaFromText: šakānu
normFormFromText: iškunū
transNormFromDict: tamhāru
transLemmaFromDict: tamhāru
(indexOfnormLemmaFromText, normJump, compound, transJump) = (0,0,,0)
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 179
transIndex: 177
transForm: i-na-ru-ma
normLemmaFromText: dabdû
normFormFromText: dabdâšun
transNormFromDict: inārūma
transLemmaFromDict: nêru
(indexOfnormLemmaFromText, normJump, compound, transJump) = (0,0,,0)
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 180
transIndex: 178
transForm: iš-ku-nu
normLemmaFromText: X
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: iškunū
transLemmaFromDict: šakānu
(indexOfnormLemmaFromText, normJump, compound, transJump) = (0,0,,0)
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 181
transIndex: 179
transForm: BAD₅.BAD₅-šu₂-un
normLemmaFromText: šīru
normFormFromText: šīr
transNormFromDict: dabdâšun
transLemmaFromDict: dabdû
(indexOfnormLemmaFromText, normJump, compound, transJump) = (0,0,,0)
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 182
transIndex: 180
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: gamru
normFormFromText: gamir
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
(indexOfnormLemmaFromText, normJump, compound, transJump) = (0,0,,0)
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 183
transIndex: 181
transForm: UZU
normLemmaFromText: ummānu
normFormFromText: ummāni
transNormFromDict: šīr
transLemmaFromDict: šīru
(indexOfnormLemmaFromText, normJump, compound, transJump) = (0,0,,0)
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 184
transIndex: 182
transForm: ga-mir
normLemmaFromText: ina
normFormFromText: ina
transNormFromDict: gamir
transLemmaFromDict: gamru
(indexOfnormLemmaFromText, normJump, compound, transJump) = (0,0,,0)
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 185
transIndex: 183
transForm: EREN₂{+ni}
normLemmaFromText: nīšu
normFormFromText: nīš
transNormFromDict: ummāni
transLemmaFromDict: ummānu
(indexOfnormLemmaFromText, normJump, compound, transJump) = (0,0,,0)
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 186
transIndex: 184
transForm: ina
normLemmaFromText: rēšu
normFormFromText: rēši
transNormFromDict: ina
transLemmaFromDict: ina
(indexOfnormLemmaFromText, normJump, compound, transJump) = (0,0,,0)
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 8
---------------
normIndex: 187
transIndex: 185
transForm: MU.SAG
normLemmaFromText: hašû
normFormFromText: hašê
transNormFromDict: rēši
transLemmaFromDict: rēšu
(indexOfnormLemmaFromText, normJump, compound, transJump) = (0,0,,0)
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 8
currentNormLineArray[1]: 9
---------------
normIndex: 188
transIndex: 186
transForm: MU.SAG
normLemmaFromText: ša
normFormFromText: ša
transNormFromDict: rēši
transLemmaFromDict: rēšu
In share_compound,
textLemma: ša, transDictLemma: rēši, compound: ša-rēši
transFormTuple != (0,0,'',0)
(indexOfnormLemmaFromText, normJump, compound, transJump) = (0,2,ša-rēši,2)
Checking inner elements, with innerIncrement: 1
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 10
currentNormLineArray[1]: 11
---------------
normIndex: 190
transIndex: 187
transForm: MUR
normLemmaFromText: šakānu
normFormFromText: ittaškan
transNormFromDict: hašê
transLemmaFromDict: hašû
(indexOfnormLemmaFromText, normJump, compound, transJump) = (0,0,,0)
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 11
currentNormLineArray[1]: 12
---------------
normIndex: 191
transIndex: 188
transForm: ša₂
normLemmaFromText: amūtu
normFormFromText: amūt
transNormFromDict: ša
transLemmaFromDict: ša
(indexOfnormLemmaFromText, normJump, compound, transJump) = (0,0,,0)
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 12
currentNormLineArray[1]: 13
---------------
normIndex: 192
transIndex: 189
transForm: 15
normLemmaFromText: šamaš-šumu-ukin
normFormFromText: Šamaš-šumu-ukin
transNormFromDict: imitti
transLemmaFromDict: imittu
(indexOfnormLemmaFromText, normJump, compound, transJump) = (0,0,,0)
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 13
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 193
transIndex: 190
transForm: it-taš-kan
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: ittaškan
transLemmaFromDict: šakānu
(indexOfnormLemmaFromText, normJump, compound, transJump) = (0,0,,0)
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 194
transIndex: 191
transForm: BA₃{+ut}
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: amūt
transLemmaFromDict: amūtu
(indexOfnormLemmaFromText, normJump, compound, transJump) = (0,0,,0)
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 195
transIndex: 192
transForm: {m}GIŠ.NU₁₁-MU-GI.NA
normLemmaFromText: itti
normFormFromText: itti
transNormFromDict: Šamaš-šumu-ukin
transLemmaFromDict: Šamaš-šumu-ukin
(indexOfnormLemmaFromText, normJump, compound, transJump) = (0,0,,0)
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 196
transIndex: 193
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: ummānu
normFormFromText: ummāni
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
(indexOfnormLemmaFromText, normJump, compound, transJump) = (0,0,,0)
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 197
transIndex: 194
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: assurbanipal
normFormFromText: Assurbanipal
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
(indexOfnormLemmaFromText, normJump, compound, transJump) = (0,0,,0)
Printing normLine
Processing P365126_lookup
---------------
normIndex: 0
transIndex: 0
transForm: {lu₂}KUR₂
normLemmaFromText: nakru
normFormFromText: nakrum
transNormFromDict: nakrim
transLemmaFromDict: nakru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
---------------
normIndex: 1
transIndex: 1
transForm: IRI
normLemmaFromText: ālu
normFormFromText: āl
transNormFromDict: āl
transLemmaFromDict: ālu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 2
transIndex: 2
transForm: KALA
normLemmaFromText: dannatu
normFormFromText: dannatim
transNormFromDict: dannat
transLemmaFromDict: dannatu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 3
transIndex: 3
transForm: i-ṣa-bat
normLemmaFromText: ṣabātu
normFormFromText: iṣabbat
transNormFromDict: iṣabbat
transLemmaFromDict: ṣabātu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 4
transIndex: 4
transForm: IRI{ki}
normLemmaFromText: ālu
normFormFromText: āl
transNormFromDict: āl
transLemmaFromDict: ālu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 5
transIndex: 5
transForm: KALA.GA
normLemmaFromText: dannatu
normFormFromText: dannatim
transNormFromDict: dannatim
transLemmaFromDict: dannatu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 6
transIndex: 6
transForm: {lu₂}KUR₂
normLemmaFromText: nakru
normFormFromText: nakram
transNormFromDict: nakrim
transLemmaFromDict: nakru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 7
transIndex: 7
transForm: a-ṣa-bat
normLemmaFromText: ṣabātu
normFormFromText: aṣabbat
transNormFromDict: aṣabbat
transLemmaFromDict: ṣabātu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 8
transIndex: 8
transForm: na-aṣ-rum
normLemmaFromText: naṣru
normFormFromText: naṣrum
transNormFromDict: naṣrum
transLemmaFromDict: naṣru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 9
transIndex: 9
transForm: a-na
normLemmaFromText: ana
normFormFromText: ana
transNormFromDict: ana
transLemmaFromDict: ana
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 10
transIndex: 10
transForm: {lu₂}KUR₂
normLemmaFromText: nakru
normFormFromText: nakrim
transNormFromDict: nakrim
transLemmaFromDict: nakru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 11
transIndex: 11
transForm: u₂-ṣi₂
normLemmaFromText: waṣû
normFormFromText: uṣṣi
transNormFromDict: uṣṣi
transLemmaFromDict: waṣû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 12
transIndex: 12
transForm: {lu₂}KUR₂
normLemmaFromText: nakru
normFormFromText: nakir
transNormFromDict: nakrim
transLemmaFromDict: nakru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 13
transIndex: 13
transForm: IRI{ki}
normLemmaFromText: ālu
normFormFromText: āl
transNormFromDict: āl
transLemmaFromDict: ālu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 14
transIndex: 14
transForm: pa-te-ia
normLemmaFromText: pātu
normFormFromText: pāteya
transNormFromDict: pāteya
transLemmaFromDict: pātu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 15
transIndex: 15
transForm: ia-nu
normLemmaFromText: yānu
normFormFromText: yānu
transNormFromDict: yānu
transLemmaFromDict: yānu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 16
transIndex: 16
transForm: mu-za-az
normLemmaFromText: muzzazu
normFormFromText: muzzaz
transNormFromDict: muzzaz
transLemmaFromDict: muzzazu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 17
transIndex: 17
transForm: SAG
normLemmaFromText: rēšu
normFormFromText: rēš
transNormFromDict: rēš
transLemmaFromDict: rēšu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 18
transIndex: 18
transForm: LUGAL
normLemmaFromText: šarru
normFormFromText: šar
transNormFromDict: šarri
transLemmaFromDict: šarru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 19
transIndex: 19
transForm: {lu₂}KUR₂
normLemmaFromText: nakru
normFormFromText: nakrim
transNormFromDict: nakrim
transLemmaFromDict: nakru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 20
transIndex: 20
transForm: pi₂-ri-iš₇-tam
normLemmaFromText: pirištu
normFormFromText: pirištam
transNormFromDict: pirištam
transLemmaFromDict: pirištu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 21
transIndex: 21
transForm: uš-te-ne₂-ṣi₂
normLemmaFromText: waṣû
normFormFromText: ušteneṣṣi
transNormFromDict: ušteneṣṣi
transLemmaFromDict: waṣû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 22
transIndex: 22
transForm: na-aṣ₃-ru-um
normLemmaFromText: naṣru
normFormFromText: naṣrum
transNormFromDict: naṣrum
transLemmaFromDict: naṣru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 23
transIndex: 23
transForm: a-na
normLemmaFromText: ana
normFormFromText: ana
transNormFromDict: ana
transLemmaFromDict: ana
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 24
transIndex: 24
transForm: {lu₂}KUR₂
normLemmaFromText: nakru
normFormFromText: nakrim
transNormFromDict: nakrim
transLemmaFromDict: nakru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 25
transIndex: 25
transForm: pi₂-ri-iš₇-tam
normLemmaFromText: pirištu
normFormFromText: pirištam
transNormFromDict: pirištam
transLemmaFromDict: pirištu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 26
transIndex: 26
transForm: uš-ta-na-ṣa
normLemmaFromText: waṣû
normFormFromText: uštanaṣṣâ
transNormFromDict: uštanaṣṣâ
transLemmaFromDict: waṣû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 27
transIndex: 27
transForm: U₄
normLemmaFromText: šumma
normFormFromText: šumma
transNormFromDict: šumma
transLemmaFromDict: šumma
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 28
transIndex: 28
transForm: SAG
normLemmaFromText: rēšu
normFormFromText: rēš
transNormFromDict: rēš
transLemmaFromDict: rēšu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 29
transIndex: 29
transForm: IGI.TAB
normLemmaFromText: naplastu
normFormFromText: naplastim
transNormFromDict: naplastim
transLemmaFromDict: naplastu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 30
transIndex: 30
transForm: GAM-ma
normLemmaFromText: palšu
normFormFromText: pališma
transNormFromDict: pališma
transLemmaFromDict: palšu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 31
transIndex: 31
transForm: šu-te-eb-ru
normLemmaFromText: šutebrû
normFormFromText: šutebrû
transNormFromDict: šutebrû
transLemmaFromDict: šutebrû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 32
transIndex: 32
transForm: EN
normLemmaFromText: enu
normFormFromText: enum
transNormFromDict: enam
transLemmaFromDict: enu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 33
transIndex: 33
transForm: a-sa-ka
normLemmaFromText: asakku
normFormFromText: asakka
transNormFromDict: asakka
transLemmaFromDict: asakku
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 8
---------------
normIndex: 34
transIndex: 34
transForm: iš₇-ta-na-ri-iq
normLemmaFromText: šarāqu
normFormFromText: ištanarriq
transNormFromDict: ištanarriq
transLemmaFromDict: šarāqu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 8
currentNormLineArray[1]: 9
---------------
normIndex: 35
transIndex: 35
transForm: i-ṣa-ba-tu-ši-ma
normLemmaFromText: ṣabātu
normFormFromText: iṣabbatūšima
transNormFromDict: iṣabbatūšima
transLemmaFromDict: ṣabātu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 9
currentNormLineArray[1]: 10
---------------
normIndex: 36
transIndex: 36
transForm: i-qa-lu-ši
normLemmaFromText: qalû
normFormFromText: iqallûši
transNormFromDict: iqallûši
transLemmaFromDict: qalû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 10
currentNormLineArray[1]: 11
---------------
normIndex: 37
transIndex: 37
transForm: U₄
normLemmaFromText: šumma
normFormFromText: šumma
transNormFromDict: šumma
transLemmaFromDict: šumma
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 11
currentNormLineArray[1]: 12
---------------
normIndex: 38
transIndex: 38
transForm: ša-gu-um
normLemmaFromText: šangû
normFormFromText: šaggûm
transNormFromDict: šaggûm
transLemmaFromDict: šangû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 12
currentNormLineArray[1]: 13
---------------
normIndex: 39
transIndex: 39
transForm: EN
normLemmaFromText: enu
normFormFromText: enam
transNormFromDict: enam
transLemmaFromDict: enu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 13
currentNormLineArray[1]: 14
---------------
normIndex: 40
transIndex: 40
transForm: i-ta-na-ia-ak
normLemmaFromText: niāku
normFormFromText: ītanayyak
transNormFromDict: ītanayyak
transLemmaFromDict: niāku
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 14
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 41
transIndex: 41
transForm: DUMU
normLemmaFromText: māru
normFormFromText: mār
transNormFromDict: mār
transLemmaFromDict: māru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 42
transIndex: 42
transForm: LUGAL
normLemmaFromText: šarru
normFormFromText: šarrum
transNormFromDict: šarri
transLemmaFromDict: šarru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 43
transIndex: 43
transForm: pi₂-ri-iš₇-tam
normLemmaFromText: pirištu
normFormFromText: pirištam
transNormFromDict: pirištam
transLemmaFromDict: pirištu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 44
transIndex: 44
transForm: uš-te-ne₂-ṣi₂
normLemmaFromText: waṣû
normFormFromText: ušteneṣṣi
transNormFromDict: ušteneṣṣi
transLemmaFromDict: waṣû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 45
transIndex: 45
transForm: U₄
normLemmaFromText: šumma
normFormFromText: šumma
transNormFromDict: šumma
transLemmaFromDict: šumma
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 46
transIndex: 46
transForm: DAM
normLemmaFromText: aššatu
normFormFromText: aššat
transNormFromDict: aššat
transLemmaFromDict: aššatu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 47
transIndex: 47
transForm: LU₂
normLemmaFromText: awīlu
normFormFromText: awīlim
transNormFromDict: awīlim
transLemmaFromDict: awīlu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 8
---------------
normIndex: 48
transIndex: 48
transForm: i-mat
normLemmaFromText: mâtu
normFormFromText: imât
transNormFromDict: imât
transLemmaFromDict: mâtu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 8
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 49
transIndex: 49
transForm: U₄
normLemmaFromText: šumma
normFormFromText: šumma
transNormFromDict: šumma
transLemmaFromDict: šumma
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 50
transIndex: 50
transForm: ZA₃
normLemmaFromText: imittu
normFormFromText: imittum
transNormFromDict: imittum
transLemmaFromDict: imittu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 51
transIndex: 51
transForm: mu-za-az
normLemmaFromText: muzzazu
normFormFromText: muzzaz
transNormFromDict: muzzaz
transLemmaFromDict: muzzazu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 52
transIndex: 52
transForm: SAG
normLemmaFromText: rēšu
normFormFromText: rēš
transNormFromDict: rēš
transLemmaFromDict: rēšu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 53
transIndex: 53
transForm: LUGAL
normLemmaFromText: šarru
normFormFromText: šarrim
transNormFromDict: šarri
transLemmaFromDict: šarru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 54
transIndex: 54
transForm: pi₂-ri-iš₇-tam
normLemmaFromText: pirištu
normFormFromText: pirištam
transNormFromDict: pirištam
transLemmaFromDict: pirištu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 55
transIndex: 55
transForm: uš-te-ne₂-ṣi₂
normLemmaFromText: waṣû
normFormFromText: ušteneṣṣi
transNormFromDict: ušteneṣṣi
transLemmaFromDict: waṣû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 56
transIndex: 56
transForm: su-ku-ku
normLemmaFromText: sukkuku
normFormFromText: sukkuku
transNormFromDict: sukkuku
transLemmaFromDict: sukkuku
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 57
transIndex: 57
transForm: pi₂-ri-iš₇-tam
normLemmaFromText: pirištu
normFormFromText: pirištam
transNormFromDict: pirištam
transLemmaFromDict: pirištu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 58
transIndex: 58
transForm: uš-te-ne₂-ṣi₂
normLemmaFromText: waṣû
normFormFromText: ušteneṣṣi
transNormFromDict: ušteneṣṣi
transLemmaFromDict: waṣû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 59
transIndex: 59
transForm: KALA
normLemmaFromText: dannatu
normFormFromText: dannat
transNormFromDict: dannat
transLemmaFromDict: dannatu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 60
transIndex: 60
transForm: LUGAL
normLemmaFromText: šarru
normFormFromText: šarrim
transNormFromDict: šarri
transLemmaFromDict: šarru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 61
transIndex: 61
transForm: i-pa-la-aš
normLemmaFromText: palāšu
normFormFromText: ippallas
transNormFromDict: ippallas
transLemmaFromDict: palāšu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 62
transIndex: 62
transForm: ša
normLemmaFromText: ša
normFormFromText: ša
transNormFromDict: ša
transLemmaFromDict: ša
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 63
transIndex: 63
transForm: ṣi₂-bi-tim
normLemmaFromText: ṣibittu
normFormFromText: ṣibittim
transNormFromDict: ṣibittim
transLemmaFromDict: ṣibittu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 64
transIndex: 64
transForm: ka-bi-ta
normLemmaFromText: kabtu
normFormFromText: kabitta
transNormFromDict: kabitta
transLemmaFromDict: kabtu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 65
transIndex: 65
transForm: a-na
normLemmaFromText: ana
normFormFromText: ana
transNormFromDict: ana
transLemmaFromDict: ana
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 66
transIndex: 66
transForm: {lu₂}KUR₂
normLemmaFromText: nakru
normFormFromText: nakrim
transNormFromDict: nakrim
transLemmaFromDict: nakru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 67
transIndex: 67
transForm: a-wa-ti
normLemmaFromText: awātu
normFormFromText: awātī
transNormFromDict: awātī
transLemmaFromDict: awātu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 68
transIndex: 68
transForm: uš-te-ne₂-ṣi₂
normLemmaFromText: waṣû
normFormFromText: ušteneṣṣi
transNormFromDict: ušteneṣṣi
transLemmaFromDict: waṣû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 69
transIndex: 69
transForm: DUMU
normLemmaFromText: māru
normFormFromText: mār
transNormFromDict: mār
transLemmaFromDict: māru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 70
transIndex: 70
transForm: MAŠ₂.ŠU.GID₂.GID₂
normLemmaFromText: bārû
normFormFromText: bārî
transNormFromDict: bārî
transLemmaFromDict: bārû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 71
transIndex: 71
transForm: {lu₂}KUR₂
normLemmaFromText: nakru
normFormFromText: nakrum
transNormFromDict: nakrim
transLemmaFromDict: nakru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 72
transIndex: 72
transForm: pi₂-ri-iš-tam
normLemmaFromText: pirištu
normFormFromText: pirištam
transNormFromDict: pirištam
transLemmaFromDict: pirištu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 73
transIndex: 73
transForm: uš-ta-na-ṣa
normLemmaFromText: waṣû
normFormFromText: uštanaṣṣâ
transNormFromDict: uštanaṣṣâ
transLemmaFromDict: waṣû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 74
transIndex: 74
transForm: DUMU
normLemmaFromText: māru
normFormFromText: mār
transNormFromDict: mār
transLemmaFromDict: māru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 75
transIndex: 75
transForm: ma-ri
normLemmaFromText: māru
normFormFromText: māri
transNormFromDict: māri
transLemmaFromDict: māru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 76
transIndex: 76
transForm: pi₂-ri-iš₇-tam
normLemmaFromText: pirištu
normFormFromText: pirištam
transNormFromDict: pirištam
transLemmaFromDict: pirištu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 77
transIndex: 77
transForm: uš-te-ne₂-ṣi₂
normLemmaFromText: waṣû
normFormFromText: ušteneṣṣi
transNormFromDict: ušteneṣṣi
transLemmaFromDict: waṣû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 78
transIndex: 78
transForm: DUMU
normLemmaFromText: māru
normFormFromText: mār
transNormFromDict: mār
transLemmaFromDict: māru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 79
transIndex: 79
transForm: $
normLemmaFromText: $
normFormFromText: $
transForm $ not found in transNormDict keys at trans index 79
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 80
transIndex: 80
transForm: MA
normLemmaFromText: ma
normFormFromText: MA
transForm MA not found in transNormDict keys at trans index 80
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 81
transIndex: 81
transForm: $
normLemmaFromText: $
normFormFromText: $
transForm $ not found in transNormDict keys at trans index 81
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 82
transIndex: 82
transForm: ZA
normLemmaFromText: za
normFormFromText: ZA
transForm ZA not found in transNormDict keys at trans index 82
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 83
transIndex: 83
transForm: mu-za-az
normLemmaFromText: muzzazu
normFormFromText: muzzaz
transNormFromDict: muzzaz
transLemmaFromDict: muzzazu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 84
transIndex: 84
transForm: SAG
normLemmaFromText: rēšu
normFormFromText: rēš
transNormFromDict: rēš
transLemmaFromDict: rēšu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 8
---------------
normIndex: 85
transIndex: 85
transForm: LUGAL
normLemmaFromText: šarru
normFormFromText: šarrim
transNormFromDict: šarri
transLemmaFromDict: šarru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 8
currentNormLineArray[1]: 9
---------------
normIndex: 86
transIndex: 86
transForm: pi₂-ri-iš₇-tam
normLemmaFromText: pirištu
normFormFromText: pirištam
transNormFromDict: pirištam
transLemmaFromDict: pirištu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 9
currentNormLineArray[1]: 10
---------------
normIndex: 87
transIndex: 87
transForm: uš-te-ne₂-ṣi₂
normLemmaFromText: waṣû
normFormFromText: ušteneṣṣi
transNormFromDict: ušteneṣṣi
transLemmaFromDict: waṣû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 10
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 88
transIndex: 88
transForm: IRI{ki}
normLemmaFromText: ālu
normFormFromText: āl
transNormFromDict: āl
transLemmaFromDict: ālu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 89
transIndex: 89
transForm: pa-te
normLemmaFromText: pātu
normFormFromText: pāte
transNormFromDict: pāte
transLemmaFromDict: pātu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 90
transIndex: 90
transForm: {lu₂}KUR₂
normLemmaFromText: nakru
normFormFromText: nakrim
transNormFromDict: nakrim
transLemmaFromDict: nakru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 91
transIndex: 91
transForm: INIM
normLemmaFromText: awātu
normFormFromText: awātim
transNormFromDict: awātim
transLemmaFromDict: awātu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 92
transIndex: 92
transForm: a-wa-tim
normLemmaFromText: awātu
normFormFromText: awātim
transNormFromDict: awātim
transLemmaFromDict: awātu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 93
transIndex: 93
transForm: iz-za-na-bi-lam
normLemmaFromText: zabālu
normFormFromText: izzanabilam
transNormFromDict: izzanabilam
transLemmaFromDict: zabālu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 94
transIndex: 94
transForm: EREN₂{+ni}
normLemmaFromText: ummānu
normFormFromText: ummāni
transNormFromDict: ummāni
transLemmaFromDict: ummānu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 95
transIndex: 95
transForm: sa-mi-iš₇-tu
normLemmaFromText: samšu
normFormFromText: samištu
transNormFromDict: samištu
transLemmaFromDict: samšu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 96
transIndex: 96
transForm: i-sa-ap-pa-ah
normLemmaFromText: sapāhu
normFormFromText: isappah
transNormFromDict: isappah
transLemmaFromDict: sapāhu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 97
transIndex: 97
transForm: U₄
normLemmaFromText: šumma
normFormFromText: šumma
transNormFromDict: šumma
transLemmaFromDict: šumma
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 98
transIndex: 98
transForm: nu-šu-ru
normLemmaFromText: nušurrû
normFormFromText: nušurrû
transNormFromDict: nušurrû
transLemmaFromDict: nušurrû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 99
transIndex: 99
transForm: i-na
normLemmaFromText: ina
normFormFromText: ina
transNormFromDict: ina
transLemmaFromDict: ina
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 100
transIndex: 100
transForm: KALAM-ia
normLemmaFromText: mātu
normFormFromText: mātiya
transNormFromDict: mātiya
transLemmaFromDict: mātu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 8
---------------
normIndex: 101
transIndex: 101
transForm: i-ba-aš-ši
normLemmaFromText: bašû
normFormFromText: ibašši
transNormFromDict: ibašši
transLemmaFromDict: bašû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 8
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 102
transIndex: 102
transForm: KALAM
normLemmaFromText: mātu
normFormFromText: mātum
transNormFromDict: mātum
transLemmaFromDict: mātu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 103
transIndex: 103
transForm: DUMU
normLemmaFromText: māru
normFormFromText: mār
transNormFromDict: mār
transLemmaFromDict: māru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 104
transIndex: 104
transForm: IRI-šu
normLemmaFromText: ālu
normFormFromText: ālišu
transNormFromDict: ālišu
transLemmaFromDict: ālu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 105
transIndex: 105
transForm: i-du-ku-ma
normLemmaFromText: dâku
normFormFromText: idukkūma
transNormFromDict: idukkūma
transLemmaFromDict: dâku
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 106
transIndex: 106
transForm: šu-u₂
normLemmaFromText: šū
normFormFromText: šū
transNormFromDict: šū
transLemmaFromDict: šū
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 107
transIndex: 107
transForm: i-na
normLemmaFromText: ina
normFormFromText: ina
transNormFromDict: ina
transLemmaFromDict: ina
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 108
transIndex: 108
transForm: KA₂-BI
normLemmaFromText: bābu
normFormFromText: bābišu
transNormFromDict: bābišu
transLemmaFromDict: bābu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 8
---------------
normIndex: 109
transIndex: 109
transForm: u₂-ṣi₂
normLemmaFromText: waṣû
normFormFromText: uṣṣi
transNormFromDict: uṣṣi
transLemmaFromDict: waṣû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 8
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 110
transIndex: 110
transForm: LUGAL
normLemmaFromText: šarru
normFormFromText: šarrum
transNormFromDict: šarri
transLemmaFromDict: šarru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 111
transIndex: 111
transForm: dam-qu₂-ti-šu
normLemmaFromText: damqu
normFormFromText: damqūtišu
transNormFromDict: damqūtišu
transLemmaFromDict: damqu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 112
transIndex: 112
transForm: i-na
normLemmaFromText: ina
normFormFromText: ina
transNormFromDict: ina
transLemmaFromDict: ina
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 113
transIndex: 113
transForm: ŠU
normLemmaFromText: qātu
normFormFromText: qātim
transNormFromDict: qātim
transLemmaFromDict: qātu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 114
transIndex: 114
transForm: u₂-še-ṣi₂
normLemmaFromText: waṣû
normFormFromText: ušeṣṣi
transNormFromDict: ušeṣṣi
transLemmaFromDict: waṣû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 115
transIndex: 115
transForm: U₄
normLemmaFromText: šumma
normFormFromText: šumma
transNormFromDict: šumma
transLemmaFromDict: šumma
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 116
transIndex: 116
transForm: nu-šu-ru
normLemmaFromText: nušurrû
normFormFromText: nušurrû
transNormFromDict: nušurrû
transLemmaFromDict: nušurrû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 8
---------------
normIndex: 117
transIndex: 117
transForm: i-na
normLemmaFromText: ina
normFormFromText: ina
transNormFromDict: ina
transLemmaFromDict: ina
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 8
currentNormLineArray[1]: 9
---------------
normIndex: 118
transIndex: 118
transForm: KALAM-ia
normLemmaFromText: mātu
normFormFromText: mātiya
transNormFromDict: mātiya
transLemmaFromDict: mātu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 9
currentNormLineArray[1]: 10
---------------
normIndex: 119
transIndex: 119
transForm: i-ša-kan₂
normLemmaFromText: šakānu
normFormFromText: iššakkan
transNormFromDict: iššakkan
transLemmaFromDict: šakānu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 10
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 120
transIndex: 120
transForm: IRI{ki}
normLemmaFromText: ālu
normFormFromText: āl
transNormFromDict: āl
transLemmaFromDict: ālu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 121
transIndex: 121
transForm: pa-te-ia₃
normLemmaFromText: pātu
normFormFromText: pāteya
transNormFromDict: pāteya
transLemmaFromDict: pātu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 122
transIndex: 122
transForm: a-na
normLemmaFromText: ana
normFormFromText: ana
transNormFromDict: ana
transLemmaFromDict: ana
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 123
transIndex: 123
transForm: {lu₂}KUR₂
normLemmaFromText: nakru
normFormFromText: nakrim
transNormFromDict: nakrim
transLemmaFromDict: nakru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 124
transIndex: 124
transForm: a-wa-tim
normLemmaFromText: awātu
normFormFromText: awātim
transNormFromDict: awātim
transLemmaFromDict: awātu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 125
transIndex: 125
transForm: a-wa-tim
normLemmaFromText: awātu
normFormFromText: awātim
transNormFromDict: awātim
transLemmaFromDict: awātu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 126
transIndex: 126
transForm: i-za-na-bi-il
normLemmaFromText: zabālu
normFormFromText: izzanabbil
transNormFromDict: izzanabbil
transLemmaFromDict: zabālu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 8
---------------
normIndex: 127
transIndex: 127
transForm: a-na
normLemmaFromText: ana
normFormFromText: ana
transNormFromDict: ana
transLemmaFromDict: ana
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 8
currentNormLineArray[1]: 9
---------------
normIndex: 128
transIndex: 128
transForm: TU.RA
normLemmaFromText: maruṣtu
normFormFromText: maruṣtim
transNormFromDict: maruṣtim
transLemmaFromDict: maruṣtu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 9
currentNormLineArray[1]: 10
---------------
normIndex: 129
transIndex: 129
transForm: BA.UŠ₂
normLemmaFromText: mâtu
normFormFromText: imât
transNormFromDict: imât
transLemmaFromDict: mâtu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 10
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 130
transIndex: 130
transForm: LUGAL
normLemmaFromText: šarru
normFormFromText: šarrum
transNormFromDict: šarri
transLemmaFromDict: šarru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 131
transIndex: 131
transForm: ma-kur
normLemmaFromText: makkūru
normFormFromText: makkūr
transNormFromDict: makkūr
transLemmaFromDict: makkūru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 132
transIndex: 132
transForm: E₂
normLemmaFromText: bītu
normFormFromText: bītāt
transNormFromDict: bīt
transLemmaFromDict: bītu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 133
transIndex: 133
transForm: DINGIR-RA.MEŠ
normLemmaFromText: ilu
normFormFromText: ilāni
transNormFromDict: ilāni
transLemmaFromDict: ilu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 134
transIndex: 134
transForm: a-na
normLemmaFromText: ana
normFormFromText: ana
transNormFromDict: ana
transLemmaFromDict: ana
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 135
transIndex: 135
transForm: E₂.GAL{+lim}
normLemmaFromText: ēkallu
normFormFromText: ēkallim
transNormFromDict: ēkallim
transLemmaFromDict: ēkallu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 136
transIndex: 136
transForm: u₂-še-ri-ma
normLemmaFromText: erēbu
normFormFromText: ušērimma
transNormFromDict: ušērimma
transLemmaFromDict: erēbu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 8
---------------
normIndex: 137
transIndex: 137
transForm: {d}UTU
normLemmaFromText: šamšu
normFormFromText: šamšam
transNormFromDict: Šamaš
transLemmaFromDict: Šamaš
(indexOfnormLemmaFromText, normJump, compound, transJump) = (0,0,,0)
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 8
currentNormLineArray[1]: 9
---------------
normIndex: 138
transIndex: 138
transForm: i-ma-ru
normLemmaFromText: amāru
normFormFromText: immarū
transNormFromDict: immarū
transLemmaFromDict: amāru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 9
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 139
transIndex: 139
transForm: bi-bu-lum
normLemmaFromText: bibbulu
normFormFromText: bibbulum
transNormFromDict: bibbulum
transLemmaFromDict: bibbulu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 140
transIndex: 140
transForm: a-na
normLemmaFromText: ana
normFormFromText: ana
transNormFromDict: ana
transLemmaFromDict: ana
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 141
transIndex: 141
transForm: LUGAL
normLemmaFromText: šarru
normFormFromText: šarrim
transNormFromDict: šarri
transLemmaFromDict: šarru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 142
transIndex: 142
transForm: ba-ar-tum
normLemmaFromText: bārtu
normFormFromText: bārtum
transNormFromDict: bārtum
transLemmaFromDict: bārtu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 143
transIndex: 143
transForm: NAM.RA-si-na
normLemmaFromText: šallatu
normFormFromText: šallassina
transNormFromDict: šallassina
transLemmaFromDict: šallatu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 144
transIndex: 144
transForm: u₃
normLemmaFromText: u
normFormFromText: u
transNormFromDict: u
transLemmaFromDict: u
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 145
transIndex: 145
transForm: ma-kur
normLemmaFromText: makkūru
normFormFromText: makkūr
transNormFromDict: makkūr
transLemmaFromDict: makkūru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 146
transIndex: 146
transForm: DINGIR
normLemmaFromText: ilu
normFormFromText: il
transNormFromDict: il
transLemmaFromDict: ilu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 147
transIndex: 147
transForm: {lu₂}KUR₂
normLemmaFromText: nakru
normFormFromText: nakrim
transNormFromDict: nakrim
transLemmaFromDict: nakru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 148
transIndex: 148
transForm: i-ta-na-ṣi₂-am
normLemmaFromText: waṣû
normFormFromText: ittanaṣṣiam
transNormFromDict: ittanaṣṣiam
transLemmaFromDict: waṣû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 149
transIndex: 149
transForm: LUGAL
normLemmaFromText: šarru
normFormFromText: šarrum
transNormFromDict: šarri
transLemmaFromDict: šarru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 150
transIndex: 150
transForm: du-mu-uq
normLemmaFromText: dumqu
normFormFromText: dumuq
transNormFromDict: dumuq
transLemmaFromDict: dumqu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 151
transIndex: 151
transForm: E₂.GAL
normLemmaFromText: ēkallu
normFormFromText: ēkallim
transNormFromDict: ēkal
transLemmaFromDict: ēkallu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 152
transIndex: 152
transForm: i-na
normLemmaFromText: ina
normFormFromText: ina
transNormFromDict: ina
transLemmaFromDict: ina
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 153
transIndex: 153
transForm: ŠU
normLemmaFromText: qātu
normFormFromText: qātim
transNormFromDict: qātim
transLemmaFromDict: qātu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 154
transIndex: 154
transForm: i-le-qe₂-ma
normLemmaFromText: leqû
normFormFromText: ileqqema
transNormFromDict: ileqqema
transLemmaFromDict: leqû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 155
transIndex: 155
transForm: in-na-ab-bi-it
normLemmaFromText: abātu
normFormFromText: innabbit
transNormFromDict: innabbit
transLemmaFromDict: abātu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 156
transIndex: 156
transForm: NAM.RA
normLemmaFromText: šallatu
normFormFromText: šallat
transNormFromDict: šallat
transLemmaFromDict: šallatu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 157
transIndex: 157
transForm: IRI
normLemmaFromText: ālu
normFormFromText: ālim
transNormFromDict: āl
transLemmaFromDict: ālu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 158
transIndex: 158
transForm: i-na
normLemmaFromText: ina
normFormFromText: ina
transNormFromDict: ina
transLemmaFromDict: ina
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 159
transIndex: 159
transForm: ŠU-ia
normLemmaFromText: qātu
normFormFromText: qātiya
transNormFromDict: qātiya
transLemmaFromDict: qātu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 160
transIndex: 160
transForm: u₃
normLemmaFromText: u
normFormFromText: u
transNormFromDict: u
transLemmaFromDict: u
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 161
transIndex: 161
transForm: i-na
normLemmaFromText: ina
normFormFromText: ina
transNormFromDict: ina
transLemmaFromDict: ina
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 162
transIndex: 162
transForm: KI-ia
normLemmaFromText: qaqqaru
normFormFromText: qaqqariya
transNormFromDict: qaqqariya
transLemmaFromDict: qaqqaru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 8
---------------
normIndex: 163
transIndex: 163
transForm: i-ta-ṣi
normLemmaFromText: waṣû
normFormFromText: ītaṣṣi
transNormFromDict: ītaṣṣi
transLemmaFromDict: waṣû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 8
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 164
transIndex: 164
transForm: {d}NE.IRI.GAL
normLemmaFromText: nergal
normFormFromText: Nergal
transNormFromDict: Nergal
transLemmaFromDict: Nergal
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 165
transIndex: 165
transForm: EREN₂
normLemmaFromText: ummānu
normFormFromText: ummān
transNormFromDict: ummān
transLemmaFromDict: ummānu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 166
transIndex: 166
transForm: KUR₂
normLemmaFromText: nakru
normFormFromText: nakrim
transNormFromDict: nakrim
transLemmaFromDict: nakru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 167
transIndex: 167
transForm: i-na-šar
normLemmaFromText: našāru
normFormFromText: inaššar
transNormFromDict: inaššar
transLemmaFromDict: našāru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 168
transIndex: 168
transForm: U₄
normLemmaFromText: šumma
normFormFromText: šumma
transNormFromDict: šumma
transLemmaFromDict: šumma
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 169
transIndex: 169
transForm: nu-šu-ru
normLemmaFromText: nušurrû
normFormFromText: nušurrû
transNormFromDict: nušurrû
transLemmaFromDict: nušurrû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 170
transIndex: 170
transForm: i-na
normLemmaFromText: ina
normFormFromText: ina
transNormFromDict: ina
transLemmaFromDict: ina
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 8
---------------
normIndex: 171
transIndex: 171
transForm: KALAM
normLemmaFromText: mātu
normFormFromText: māt
transNormFromDict: mātum
transLemmaFromDict: mātu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 8
currentNormLineArray[1]: 9
---------------
normIndex: 172
transIndex: 172
transForm: {lu₂}KUR₂
normLemmaFromText: nakru
normFormFromText: nakrim
transNormFromDict: nakrim
transLemmaFromDict: nakru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 9
currentNormLineArray[1]: 10
---------------
normIndex: 173
transIndex: 173
transForm: i-ba-aš-ši
normLemmaFromText: bašû
normFormFromText: ibašši
transNormFromDict: ibašši
transLemmaFromDict: bašû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 10
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 174
transIndex: 174
transForm: {d}IŠKUR
normLemmaFromText: adad
normFormFromText: Adad
transNormFromDict: Adad
transLemmaFromDict: Adad
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 175
transIndex: 175
transForm: i-na
normLemmaFromText: ina
normFormFromText: ina
transNormFromDict: ina
transLemmaFromDict: ina
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 176
transIndex: 176
transForm: SAG
normLemmaFromText: rēšu
normFormFromText: rēš
transNormFromDict: rēš
transLemmaFromDict: rēšu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 177
transIndex: 177
transForm: MU
normLemmaFromText: šattu
normFormFromText: šattim
transNormFromDict: šattim
transLemmaFromDict: šattu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 178
transIndex: 178
transForm: RA.RA
normLemmaFromText: rahāṣu
normFormFromText: irahhaṣ
transNormFromDict: irahhaṣ
transLemmaFromDict: rahāṣu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 179
transIndex: 179
transForm: KI
normLemmaFromText: ašru
normFormFromText: ašar
transNormFromDict: ašar
transLemmaFromDict: ašar
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 180
transIndex: 180
transForm: i-ki-il-ia
normLemmaFromText: ikkillu
normFormFromText: ikkillia
transNormFromDict: ikkillia
transLemmaFromDict: ikkillu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 8
---------------
normIndex: 181
transIndex: 181
transForm: ša-mu
normLemmaFromText: šamû
normFormFromText: šamû
transNormFromDict: šamû
transLemmaFromDict: šamû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 8
currentNormLineArray[1]: 9
---------------
normIndex: 182
transIndex: 182
transForm: u₃
normLemmaFromText: u
normFormFromText: u
transNormFromDict: u
transLemmaFromDict: u
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 9
currentNormLineArray[1]: 10
---------------
normIndex: 183
transIndex: 183
transForm: zu-un-nu
normLemmaFromText: zunnu
normFormFromText: zunnū
transNormFromDict: zunnū
transLemmaFromDict: zunnu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 10
currentNormLineArray[1]: 11
---------------
normIndex: 184
transIndex: 184
transForm: i-ša-qa-lu-u₂
normLemmaFromText: šaqālu
normFormFromText: iššaqqalū
transNormFromDict: iššaqqalū
transLemmaFromDict: šaqālu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 11
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 185
transIndex: 185
transForm: {tu₁₅}ŠEG₃
normLemmaFromText: zunnu
normFormFromText: zunnū
transNormFromDict: zunnū
transLemmaFromDict: zunnu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 186
transIndex: 186
transForm: i-za-an-nu-nu
normLemmaFromText: zanānu
normFormFromText: izannunū
transNormFromDict: izannunū
transLemmaFromDict: zanānu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 187
transIndex: 187
transForm: {d}IŠKUR
normLemmaFromText: adad
normFormFromText: Adad
transNormFromDict: Adad
transLemmaFromDict: Adad
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 188
transIndex: 188
transForm: i-na
normLemmaFromText: ina
normFormFromText: ina
transNormFromDict: ina
transLemmaFromDict: ina
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 189
transIndex: 189
transForm: KALAM-ia
normLemmaFromText: mātu
normFormFromText: mātiya
transNormFromDict: mātiya
transLemmaFromDict: mātu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 190
transIndex: 190
transForm: i-ša-si-ma
normLemmaFromText: šasû
normFormFromText: išassima
transNormFromDict: išassima
transLemmaFromDict: šasû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 191
transIndex: 191
transForm: i-na
normLemmaFromText: ina
normFormFromText: ina
transNormFromDict: ina
transLemmaFromDict: ina
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 192
transIndex: 192
transForm: EGIR
normLemmaFromText: warkītu
normFormFromText: warkīat
transNormFromDict: warkīat
transLemmaFromDict: warkītu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 193
transIndex: 193
transForm: MU
normLemmaFromText: šattu
normFormFromText: šattim
transNormFromDict: šattim
transLemmaFromDict: šattu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 194
transIndex: 194
transForm: {d}IŠKUR
normLemmaFromText: adad
normFormFromText: Adad
transNormFromDict: Adad
transLemmaFromDict: Adad
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 195
transIndex: 195
transForm: i-ša-si-ma
normLemmaFromText: šasû
normFormFromText: išassima
transNormFromDict: išassima
transLemmaFromDict: šasû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 196
transIndex: 196
transForm: ša-ma-am
normLemmaFromText: šammu
normFormFromText: šammam
transNormFromDict: šammam
transLemmaFromDict: šammu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 197
transIndex: 197
transForm: u₂-ka-al
normLemmaFromText: akālu
normFormFromText: ukkal
transNormFromDict: ukkal
transLemmaFromDict: akālu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 8
---------------
normIndex: 198
transIndex: 198
transForm: me-ri-it
normLemmaFromText: merītu
normFormFromText: merīt
transNormFromDict: merīt
transLemmaFromDict: merītu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 8
currentNormLineArray[1]: 9
---------------
normIndex: 199
transIndex: 199
transForm: bu-lim
normLemmaFromText: būlu
normFormFromText: būlim
transNormFromDict: būlim
transLemmaFromDict: būlu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 9
currentNormLineArray[1]: 10
---------------
normIndex: 200
transIndex: 200
transForm: i-ha-li-iq
normLemmaFromText: halāqu
normFormFromText: ihalliq
transNormFromDict: ihalliq
transLemmaFromDict: halāqu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 10
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 201
transIndex: 201
transForm: {lu₂}KUR₂
normLemmaFromText: nakru
normFormFromText: nakrum
transNormFromDict: nakrim
transLemmaFromDict: nakru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 202
transIndex: 202
transForm: BAD₃
normLemmaFromText: dūru
normFormFromText: dūr
transNormFromDict: dūr
transLemmaFromDict: dūru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 203
transIndex: 203
transForm: da-an-na-tim
normLemmaFromText: dannatu
normFormFromText: dannatim
transNormFromDict: dannatim
transLemmaFromDict: dannatu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 204
transIndex: 204
transForm: me-eh-rum
normLemmaFromText: mehru
normFormFromText: mehrum
transNormFromDict: mehrum
transLemmaFromDict: mehru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 205
transIndex: 205
transForm: i-re-di
normLemmaFromText: redû
normFormFromText: ireddi
transNormFromDict: ireddi
transLemmaFromDict: redû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 206
transIndex: 206
transForm: U₄
normLemmaFromText: šumma
normFormFromText: šumma
transNormFromDict: šumma
transLemmaFromDict: šumma
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 207
transIndex: 207
transForm: dam-qu₂-ut
normLemmaFromText: damqu
normFormFromText: damqūt
transNormFromDict: damqūt
transLemmaFromDict: damqu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 208
transIndex: 208
transForm: LUGAL
normLemmaFromText: šarru
normFormFromText: šarrim
transNormFromDict: šarri
transLemmaFromDict: šarru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 209
transIndex: 209
transForm: a-na
normLemmaFromText: ana
normFormFromText: ana
transNormFromDict: ana
transLemmaFromDict: ana
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 210
transIndex: 210
transForm: KALAM
normLemmaFromText: mātu
normFormFromText: māt
transNormFromDict: mātum
transLemmaFromDict: mātu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 8
---------------
normIndex: 211
transIndex: 211
transForm: {lu₂}KUR₂
normLemmaFromText: nakru
normFormFromText: nakrim
transNormFromDict: nakrim
transLemmaFromDict: nakru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 8
currentNormLineArray[1]: 9
---------------
normIndex: 212
transIndex: 212
transForm: in-na-bi-tu
normLemmaFromText: abātu
normFormFromText: innabbitū
transNormFromDict: innabbitū
transLemmaFromDict: abātu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 9
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 213
transIndex: 213
transForm: ti-la-at
normLemmaFromText: tillatu
normFormFromText: tillat
transNormFromDict: tillat
transLemmaFromDict: tillatu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 214
transIndex: 214
transForm: {lu₂}KUR₂
normLemmaFromText: nakru
normFormFromText: nakrim
transNormFromDict: nakrim
transLemmaFromDict: nakru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 215
transIndex: 215
transForm: pi₂-ri-iš₇-ti
normLemmaFromText: pirištu
normFormFromText: pirišti
transNormFromDict: pirišti
transLemmaFromDict: pirištu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 216
transIndex: 216
transForm: {lu₂}KUR₂
normLemmaFromText: nakru
normFormFromText: nakrim
transNormFromDict: nakrim
transLemmaFromDict: nakru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 217
transIndex: 217
transForm: uš-ta-na-ṣi₂-a-am
normLemmaFromText: waṣû
normFormFromText: uštanaṣṣiam
transNormFromDict: uštanaṣṣiam
transLemmaFromDict: waṣû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 218
transIndex: 218
transForm: LUGAL
normLemmaFromText: šarru
normFormFromText: šarrum
transNormFromDict: šarri
transLemmaFromDict: šarru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 219
transIndex: 219
transForm: E₂.GAL
normLemmaFromText: ēkallu
normFormFromText: ēkal
transNormFromDict: ēkal
transLemmaFromDict: ēkallu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 220
transIndex: 220
transForm: me-eh-ri-šu
normLemmaFromText: mehru
normFormFromText: mehrišu
transNormFromDict: mehrišu
transLemmaFromDict: mehru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 221
transIndex: 221
transForm: i-ka-na-ak
normLemmaFromText: kanāku
normFormFromText: ikannak
transNormFromDict: ikannak
transLemmaFromDict: kanāku
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 222
transIndex: 222
transForm: RI.RI.GA
normLemmaFromText: miqittu
normFormFromText: miqitti
transNormFromDict: miqitti
transLemmaFromDict: miqittu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 223
transIndex: 223
transForm: EREN₂
normLemmaFromText: ummānu
normFormFromText: ummān
transNormFromDict: ummān
transLemmaFromDict: ummānu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 224
transIndex: 224
transForm: KUR₂
normLemmaFromText: nakru
normFormFromText: nakrim
transNormFromDict: nakrim
transLemmaFromDict: nakru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 225
transIndex: 225
transForm: i-ba-aš-ši
normLemmaFromText: bašû
normFormFromText: ibašši
transNormFromDict: ibašši
transLemmaFromDict: bašû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 226
transIndex: 226
transForm: {d}NIN.KAR.RA.AK
normLemmaFromText: ninkarak
normFormFromText: Ninkarak
transNormFromDict: Ninkarak
transLemmaFromDict: Ninkarak
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 227
transIndex: 227
transForm: i-na
normLemmaFromText: ina
normFormFromText: ina
transNormFromDict: ina
transLemmaFromDict: ina
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 228
transIndex: 228
transForm: KALAM-ia
normLemmaFromText: mātu
normFormFromText: mātiya
transNormFromDict: mātiya
transLemmaFromDict: mātu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 229
transIndex: 229
transForm: i-kal
normLemmaFromText: akālu
normFormFromText: ikkal
transNormFromDict: ikkal
transLemmaFromDict: akālu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 230
transIndex: 230
transForm: IRI{ki}
normLemmaFromText: ālu
normFormFromText: āl
transNormFromDict: āl
transLemmaFromDict: ālu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 231
transIndex: 231
transForm: {lu₂}KUR₂
normLemmaFromText: nakru
normFormFromText: nakrim
transNormFromDict: nakrim
transLemmaFromDict: nakru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 232
transIndex: 232
transForm: a-la-wi-ma
normLemmaFromText: lawû
normFormFromText: alawwima
transNormFromDict: alawwima
transLemmaFromDict: lawû
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 233
transIndex: 233
transForm: ni-ši-šu
normLemmaFromText: nišu
normFormFromText: nišīšu
transNormFromDict: nišīšu
transLemmaFromDict: nišu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 234
transIndex: 234
transForm: i-na
normLemmaFromText: ina
normFormFromText: ina
transNormFromDict: ina
transLemmaFromDict: ina
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 235
transIndex: 235
transForm: ŠA₃-šu
normLemmaFromText: libbu
normFormFromText: libbišu
transNormFromDict: libbišu
transLemmaFromDict: libbu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 236
transIndex: 236
transForm: u₂-ul
normLemmaFromText: ul
normFormFromText: ul
transNormFromDict: ul
transLemmaFromDict: ul
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 8
---------------
normIndex: 237
transIndex: 237
transForm: a-ka-šad
normLemmaFromText: kašādu
normFormFromText: akaššad
transNormFromDict: akaššad
transLemmaFromDict: kašādu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 8
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 238
transIndex: 238
transForm: DUMU
normLemmaFromText: māru
normFormFromText: mār
transNormFromDict: mār
transLemmaFromDict: māru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 239
transIndex: 239
transForm: LUGAL
normLemmaFromText: šarru
normFormFromText: šarrim
transNormFromDict: šarri
transLemmaFromDict: šarru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 240
transIndex: 240
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 241
transIndex: 241
transForm: $
normLemmaFromText: $
normFormFromText: $
transForm $ not found in transNormDict keys at trans index 241
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 242
transIndex: 242
transForm: ZI
normLemmaFromText: zi
normFormFromText: ZI
transForm ZI not found in transNormDict keys at trans index 242
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 243
transIndex: 243
transForm: a-la-ni
normLemmaFromText: ālu
normFormFromText: ālāni
transNormFromDict: ālāni
transLemmaFromDict: ālu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 244
transIndex: 244
transForm: $
normLemmaFromText: $
normFormFromText: $
transForm $ not found in transNormDict keys at trans index 244
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 8
---------------
normIndex: 245
transIndex: 245
transForm: PI
normLemmaFromText: pi
normFormFromText: PI
transForm PI not found in transNormDict keys at trans index 245
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 8
currentNormLineArray[1]: 9
---------------
normIndex: 246
transIndex: 246
transForm: $
normLemmaFromText: $
normFormFromText: $
transForm $ not found in transNormDict keys at trans index 246
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 9
currentNormLineArray[1]: 10
---------------
normIndex: 247
transIndex: 247
transForm: MU
normLemmaFromText: mu
normFormFromText: MU
transNormFromDict: šattim
transLemmaFromDict: šattu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 10
currentNormLineArray[1]: 11
---------------
normIndex: 248
transIndex: 248
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 11
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 249
transIndex: 249
transForm: KALAM
normLemmaFromText: mātu
normFormFromText: mātum
transNormFromDict: mātum
transLemmaFromDict: mātu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 250
transIndex: 250
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 251
transIndex: 251
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 252
transIndex: 252
transForm: $
normLemmaFromText: $
normFormFromText: $
transForm $ not found in transNormDict keys at trans index 252
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 253
transIndex: 253
transForm: IB
normLemmaFromText: ib
normFormFromText: IB
transForm IB not found in transNormDict keys at trans index 253
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 254
transIndex: 254
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 255
transIndex: 255
transForm: x
normLemmaFromText: x
normFormFromText: x
transNormFromDict: x
transLemmaFromDict: x
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 8
---------------
normIndex: 256
transIndex: 256
transForm: iš₂-ta-na-ap-pa-ra-am
normLemmaFromText: šapāru
normFormFromText: ištanapparam
transNormFromDict: ištanapparam
transLemmaFromDict: šapāru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 8
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 257
transIndex: 257
transForm: IRI{ki}
normLemmaFromText: ālu
normFormFromText: āl
transNormFromDict: āl
transLemmaFromDict: ālu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 258
transIndex: 258
transForm: {lu₂}KUR₂
normLemmaFromText: nakru
normFormFromText: nakrim
transNormFromDict: nakrim
transLemmaFromDict: nakru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 259
transIndex: 259
transForm: i-na
normLemmaFromText: ina
normFormFromText: ina
transNormFromDict: ina
transLemmaFromDict: ina
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 4
---------------
normIndex: 260
transIndex: 260
transForm: pi-il-ši
normLemmaFromText: pilšu
normFormFromText: pilši
transNormFromDict: pilši
transLemmaFromDict: pilšu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 4
currentNormLineArray[1]: 5
---------------
normIndex: 261
transIndex: 261
transForm: a-ṣa-ab-ba-at-ma
normLemmaFromText: ṣabātu
normFormFromText: aṣabbatma
transNormFromDict: aṣabbatma
transLemmaFromDict: ṣabātu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 5
currentNormLineArray[1]: 6
---------------
normIndex: 262
transIndex: 262
transForm: NAM.RA-šu
normLemmaFromText: šallatu
normFormFromText: šallātišu
transNormFromDict: šallātišu
transLemmaFromDict: šallatu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 6
currentNormLineArray[1]: 7
---------------
normIndex: 263
transIndex: 263
transForm: a-kal
normLemmaFromText: akālu
normFormFromText: akkal
transNormFromDict: akkal
transLemmaFromDict: akālu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 7
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 264
transIndex: 264
transForm: RI.RI.GA
normLemmaFromText: miqittu
normFormFromText: miqitti
transNormFromDict: miqitti
transLemmaFromDict: miqittu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 265
transIndex: 265
transForm: EREN₂{+ni}-ia
normLemmaFromText: ummānu
normFormFromText: ummānia
transNormFromDict: ummānia
transLemmaFromDict: ummānu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 266
transIndex: 266
transForm: AD
normLemmaFromText: abu
normFormFromText: abu
transNormFromDict: abu
transLemmaFromDict: abu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 267
transIndex: 267
transForm: LU₂
normLemmaFromText: awīlu
normFormFromText: awīlim
transNormFromDict: awīlim
transLemmaFromDict: awīlu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 268
transIndex: 268
transForm: BA.UŠ₂
normLemmaFromText: mâtu
normFormFromText: imât
transNormFromDict: imât
transLemmaFromDict: mâtu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 269
transIndex: 269
transForm: RI.RI.GA
normLemmaFromText: miqittu
normFormFromText: miqitti
transNormFromDict: miqitti
transLemmaFromDict: miqittu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 270
transIndex: 270
transForm: ANŠE
normLemmaFromText: imēru
normFormFromText: imērī
transNormFromDict: imērī
transLemmaFromDict: imēru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 271
transIndex: 271
transForm: ma-ra-ad{ki}
normLemmaFromText: marad
normFormFromText: Marad
transNormFromDict: Marad
transLemmaFromDict: Marad
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 3
currentNormLineArray[1]: 1
Making new sentence
---------------
normIndex: 272
transIndex: 272
transForm: RI.RI.GA
normLemmaFromText: miqittu
normFormFromText: miqitti
transNormFromDict: miqitti
transLemmaFromDict: miqittu
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 1
currentNormLineArray[1]: 2
---------------
normIndex: 273
transIndex: 273
transForm: ANŠE
normLemmaFromText: imēru
normFormFromText: imērī
transNormFromDict: imērī
transLemmaFromDict: imēru
Direct match 
Printing normLine
previousNormLineArray[1]: 2
currentNormLineArray[1]: 3
---------------
normIndex: 274
transIndex: 274
transForm: UNUG{ki}
normLemmaFromText: uruk
normFormFromText: Uruk
transNormFromDict: Uruk
transLemmaFromDict: Uruk
Direct match 
Printing normLine
